sim_seconds                                  0.096823                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 96822875000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4274347784500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                6580801                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  7264830                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              730765392                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1592984                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   132.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   871924143                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     962554673                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        14336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       988160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        22272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1004032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1049856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1112832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total          4209408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        14336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        22272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         6400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         7168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total        53504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       159488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        159488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         3860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           87                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         3922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total             16443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks          623                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total              623                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       148064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     10205853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       230028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     10369781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        66100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     10843057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        74032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     11493482                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        34372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        10576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total            43475346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       148064                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       230028                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        66100                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        74032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        34372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total         552597                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks       1647214                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total            1647214                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks       1647214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       148064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     10205853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       230028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     10369781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        66100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     10843057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        74032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     11493482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        34372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        10576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total           45122560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                     16443                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                      623                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                  131544                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                   4984                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM              4202176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                  7232                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                159488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys               4209408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             159488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                  226                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            7                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0            8569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1            7264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2            8216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3           10522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4            7656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5            7192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6            9832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7            7312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::8            8840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::9            8296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::10           7904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::11           7345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::12           7769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::13           7577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::14           8528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::15           8496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0             264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1             344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2             265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3             328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6             416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7             359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::8             312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::9             392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::10            272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::11            216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::12            248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::13            304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::14            208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::15            304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                 96828096000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5              131544                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5               4984                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                 16336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                 16336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                 16341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                 16345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                 16347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                 16354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                 16360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                 16364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                    84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                    78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                   73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                   69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                   67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                   60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                   54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                   50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                  209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                  208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples        17279                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.425719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.406870                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    26.218194                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63          218      1.26%      1.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95           17      0.10%      1.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127            7      0.04%      1.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191            7      0.04%      1.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223           18      0.10%      1.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255          210      1.22%      2.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16802     97.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total        17279                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples          208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean   620.798077                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   322.469142                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   572.553639                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           38     18.27%     18.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           25     12.02%     30.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            5      2.40%     32.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            9      4.33%     37.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      2.88%     39.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            8      3.85%     43.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            6      2.88%     46.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            8      3.85%     50.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            9      4.33%     54.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            8      3.85%     58.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            6      2.88%     61.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            7      3.37%     64.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            5      2.40%     67.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      2.88%     70.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      3.85%     74.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            4      1.92%     75.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            7      3.37%     79.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            7      3.37%     82.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            6      2.88%     85.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            5      2.40%     87.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            4      1.92%     89.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.48%     90.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.44%     91.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.44%     93.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      0.96%     94.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            4      1.92%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.48%     96.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      0.96%     97.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.48%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.48%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.48%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.48%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.48%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total          208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples          208                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.961538                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.945323                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.861670                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.48%      0.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.48%      0.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.48%      1.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.48%      1.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            203     97.60%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total          208                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                 3399729900                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat            5625570000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                420217600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   25889.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              42839.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                      43.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       1.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                   43.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    1.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    30.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                 114865                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                  4158                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                  5673742.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  87.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE  93091297200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF    2104340400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT    1626407400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          6455030.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          6939475.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          5923411.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          6801580.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::4               6489504                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::5          6312902.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::6          6231254.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::7          6514300.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0               4354584                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1               4681392                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2               3995952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3               4588368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::4               4377840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::5               4258704                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::6               4203624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::7               4394568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0             34277568                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         36922828.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2         30606451.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3         35809113.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::4             34207680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::5         32908761.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::6         32317209.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::7         34328486.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        5424537.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        5600793.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        5374771.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        5626920.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::4        5285191.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::5        5368135.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::6        5311733.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::7        5238743.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::4      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::5      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::6      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::7      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      1749389097.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      1763773562.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      1751100246.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      1764842408.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::4      1762386793.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::5      1759213416.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::6      1767679750.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::7      1766222939.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0       78435307872                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1       78422689920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2       78433806864                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3       78421752336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::4       78423906384                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::5       78426690048                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::6       78419263440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::7       78420541344                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        85914722270.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        85920121553.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        85910321277.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        85918934308.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::4        85916166974.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::5        85914265549.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::6        85914520592.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::7        85916753962.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          64.460327                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          64.464378                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          64.457025                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          64.463488                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::4          64.461411                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::5          64.459985                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::6          64.460176                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::7          64.461852                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        20736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       987904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1035264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        11520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1070336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        10496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1118976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total          4278016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        20736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        16384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        11520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        10496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total        62720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks       175360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total        175360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           81                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         3859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           64                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           45                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4371                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total             16711                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks          685                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total              685                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       214164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     10203209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         7932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       169216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     10692349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       118980                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     11054578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       108404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     11556938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        37016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        18508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total            44183939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       214164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       169216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       118980                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       108404                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        37016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total         647781                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks       1811142                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total            1811142                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks       1811142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       214164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     10203209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         7932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       169216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     10692349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       118980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     11054578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       108404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     11556938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        37016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        18508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total           45995081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                     16711                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                      685                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                  133688                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                   5480                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM              4272832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                  5184                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                175136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys               4278016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys             175360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                  162                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        69732                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0            7417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1            8640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2            9105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3            7800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4            7920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5            8784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6            8792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7            8297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::8            9842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::9            7176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::10           6545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::11           7880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::12           8440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::13           7832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::14           9320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::15           9736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0             265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1             359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3             464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4             344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5             208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7             368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::8             336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::9             224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::10            448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::11            432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::12            288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::13            280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::14            296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::15            321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                 96805539000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5              133688                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5               5480                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                 16562                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                 16565                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                 16576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                 16582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                 16589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                 16598                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                 16607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                 16608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                   120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                   112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                  101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                   96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                   89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                   80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                   71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                   70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                  228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples        17645                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.080929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   247.659223                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    27.459659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63          249      1.41%      1.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95           11      0.06%      1.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127           11      0.06%      1.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191           11      0.06%      1.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223           11      0.06%      1.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255          242      1.37%      3.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17110     96.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total        17645                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples          228                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean   584.587719                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   334.233698                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   567.987495                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           54     23.68%     23.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           23     10.09%     33.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           23     10.09%     43.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           25     10.96%     54.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           14      6.14%     60.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           22      9.65%     70.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           18      7.89%     78.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            7      3.07%     81.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151           10      4.39%     85.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            8      3.51%     89.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            7      3.07%     92.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            5      2.19%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.88%     95.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.88%     96.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.44%     96.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            2      0.88%     97.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.44%     98.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      0.88%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.44%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4479            1      0.44%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total          228                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples          228                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.004386                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.004297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.066227                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24            227     99.56%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total          228                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                 3486300700                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat            5749566400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                427283200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   26109.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              43059.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                      44.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       1.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                   44.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    1.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    30.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                 116790                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                  4564                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                  5564815.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  87.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE  93012009600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF    2104340400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT    1705695000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0               6323184                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          6812467.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          6485270.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3               6513696                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::4               6429024                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::5               6044976                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::6          6505833.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::7               6937056                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0               4265640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1               4595712                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2               4374984                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3               4394160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::4               4337040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::5               4077960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::6               4388856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::7               4679760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         33415449.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1             35378304                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         34046937.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3         34506201.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::4         34013491.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::5         30913459.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::6         34278067.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::7             36793536                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        5345326.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        6114631.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        5451079.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        5281873.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::4        5179023.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::5        5550612.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::6             5225472                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::7        5375185.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::4      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::5      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::6      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::7      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      1749543189.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      1762242661.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      1760105134.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      1757452199.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::4      1760287625.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::5      1762765729.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::6      1766852328.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::7      1771260626.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0       78435172704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1       78424032816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2       78425907840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3       78428234976                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::4       78425747760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::5       78423573984                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::6       78419989248                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::7       78416122320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        85913579073.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        85918690173.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        85915884826.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        85915896687.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::4        85915507544.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::5        85912440302.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::6        85916753386.560013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::7        85920682065.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          64.459470                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          64.463304                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          64.461200                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          64.461209                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::4          64.460917                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::5          64.458615                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::6          64.461851                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::7          64.464799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        22784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1001472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        16128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       989440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        11520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1025280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        10752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1153024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total          4234496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        22784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        16128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        11520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        10752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total        63744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks       171264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total        171264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           89                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         3912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         3865                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           45                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total             16541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks          669                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total              669                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       235316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     10343341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       166572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     10219073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       118980                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     10589233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       111048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     11908591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        26440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        15864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total            43734458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       235316                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       166572                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       118980                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       111048                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        26440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total         658357                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks       1768838                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total            1768838                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks       1768838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       235316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     10343341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       166572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     10219073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       118980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     10589233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       111048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     11908591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        26440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        15864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total           45503297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                     16541                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                      669                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                  132328                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                   5352                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM              4230304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                  4192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                171776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys               4234496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys             171264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                  131                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0            8712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1            7104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2            7329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3            7592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4            8224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5            8992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6           10193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7            8464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::8            7984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::9            7394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::10           7552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::11           8281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::12           7512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::13           9376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::14           9128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::15           8360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0             208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1             336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5             232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6             360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::8             280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::9             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::10            384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::11            303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::12            432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::13            400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::14            241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::15            304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                 96832423000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5              132328                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5               5352                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                 16422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                 16425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                 16431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                 16435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                 16437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                 16442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                 16447                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                 16452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                    94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                    88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                   83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                   79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                   77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                   72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                   67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                   62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                  221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                  222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                  222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                  222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                  225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                  224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                  223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples        17473                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.936130                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   247.470653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    27.781667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63          243      1.39%      1.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95           19      0.11%      1.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127           15      0.09%      1.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191           15      0.09%      1.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223           21      0.12%      1.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255          234      1.34%      3.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16924     96.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total        17473                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples          225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean   587.897778                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   321.852194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   586.875058                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           38     16.89%     16.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           18      8.00%     24.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           13      5.78%     30.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           12      5.33%     36.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            8      3.56%     39.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           17      7.56%     47.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            9      4.00%     51.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           12      5.33%     56.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            8      3.56%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            8      3.56%     63.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           11      4.89%     68.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            5      2.22%     70.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      3.11%     73.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            8      3.56%     77.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            4      1.78%     79.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            8      3.56%     82.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      1.78%     84.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            3      1.33%     85.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      1.33%     87.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      0.89%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      1.78%     89.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            4      1.78%     91.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.44%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.44%     92.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.33%     93.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            3      1.33%     95.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.44%     95.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.44%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            3      1.33%     97.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.44%     97.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.44%     98.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.44%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.44%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2752-2815            1      0.44%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::3520-3583            1      0.44%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total          225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples          225                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.857778                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.835741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.924490                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.89%      0.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::19              2      0.89%      1.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      0.89%      2.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24            219     97.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total          225                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                 3456486750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat            5697225900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                423030400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   26146.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              43096.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                      43.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       1.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                   43.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    1.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    31.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                 115617                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                  4475                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                  5626520.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  87.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE  93066008850                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF    2104340400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT    1651695750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          6372777.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1          6423580.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          6686668.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          7018099.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::4          5983891.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::5          6057676.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::6          6690902.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::7          6741705.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0               4299096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1               4333368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2               4510848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3               4734432                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::4               4036752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::5               4086528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::6               4513704                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::7               4547976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         33610636.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         33675033.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         34827686.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         37374105.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::4         30912460.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::5         31431129.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::6         35171635.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::7         35721753.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        5398410.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        5540659.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        5832622.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        5593743.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::4        5351546.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::5        5122621.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::6        5454812.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::7        5229204.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::4      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::5      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::6      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::7      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      1752049912.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      1757836059.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      1763417937.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      1765256967.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::4      1755299623.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::5      1762149582.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::6      1769581270.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::7      1769381487.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0       78432973824                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1       78427898256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2       78423001872                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3       78421388688                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::4       78430123200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::5       78424114464                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::6       78417595440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::7       78417770688                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        85914218237.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        85915220538.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        85917791215.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        85920879616.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::4        85911221055.359985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::5        85912475583.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::6        85918521344.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::7        85918906395.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          64.459949                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          64.460701                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          64.462630                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          64.464947                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::4          64.457700                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::5          64.458642                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::6          64.463178                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::7          64.463467                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1041408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        25344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1054464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        11520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1078528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         9728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1222912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total          4467456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        16384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        25344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        11520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         9728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total        67584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       158464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        158464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           99                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           45                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4777                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total             17451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks          619                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total              619                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       169216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     10755805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       261756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     10890650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        10576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       118980                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     11139186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        10576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       100472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     12630404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        47592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total            46140501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       169216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       261756                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       118980                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       100472                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        47592                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total         698017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks       1636638                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total            1636638                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks       1636638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       169216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     10755805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       261756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     10890650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        10576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       118980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     11139186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        10576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       100472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     12630404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        47592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total           47777139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                     17451                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                      619                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                  139608                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                   4952                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM              4460640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                  6816                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                158208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys               4467456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             158464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                  213                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          108                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0            9072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1            7906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2            9256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3            9202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4            9384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5            8128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6            9480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7            8129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::8            9192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::9            8464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::10           7448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::11           8106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::12           6592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::13          10305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::14           9658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::15           9073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0             201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1             320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2             391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3             320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4             344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5             264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6             272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::8             280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::9             264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::10            464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::11            256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::12            304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::13            312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::14            216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::15            448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                 96845340000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5              139608                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5               4952                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                 17319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                 17315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                 17320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                 17323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                 17328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                 17335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                 17340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                 17341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                    99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                    92                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                   87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                   84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                   79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                   72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                   69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                   68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                  205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                  207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                  206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples        18286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.589303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.746905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    25.635925                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63          221      1.21%      1.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95           14      0.08%      1.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127            9      0.05%      1.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159            3      0.02%      1.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191            8      0.04%      1.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223           14      0.08%      1.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255          209      1.14%      2.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17808     97.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total        18286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples          207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean   672.400966                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   376.462549                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   585.129683                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           30     14.49%     14.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           23     11.11%     25.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      4.83%     30.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      1.93%     32.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      2.42%     34.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      2.42%     37.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      3.38%     40.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            5      2.42%     43.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            8      3.86%     46.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            8      3.86%     50.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           13      6.28%     57.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            7      3.38%     60.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            9      4.35%     64.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           10      4.83%     69.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            9      4.35%     73.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.42%     76.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            3      1.45%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            7      3.38%     81.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            8      3.86%     85.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      1.93%     86.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      1.93%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.48%     89.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.45%     90.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            4      1.93%     92.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.48%     93.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.48%     93.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      0.97%     94.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      0.97%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.48%     96.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.48%     96.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.48%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.48%     97.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.48%     98.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            2      0.97%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.48%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3391            1      0.48%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total          207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples          207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.884058                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.864088                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.873608                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.97%      0.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      0.97%      1.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24            203     98.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total          207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                 3633959650                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat            5996704900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                446064000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   26069.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              43019.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                      46.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       1.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                   46.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    1.64                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    31.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                 121931                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                  4122                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                  5359454.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE  93033603800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF    2104340400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT    1687356800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0               6716304                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1          6878390.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          6765292.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          6772550.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::4               6655824                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::5          5914339.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::6          6815491.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::7          7093699.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0               4530840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1               4640184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2               4563888                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3               4568784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::4               4490040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::5               3989832                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::6               4597752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::7               4785432                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0         35850547.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         36310310.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2         35981337.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3             35992320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::4         34913548.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::5         30686822.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::6         35868019.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::7         37586764.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        5468083.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        5812715.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        5454397.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        5417902.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::4        5540659.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::5        5119718.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::6        5457715.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::7        5480939.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::4      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::5      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::6      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::7      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      1754505362.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      1764557481.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      1762404194.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      1759836185.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::4        1764741888                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::5      1755190676.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::6      1775829692.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::7      1777111125.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0       78430819920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1       78422002272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2       78423891120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3       78426143760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::4       78421840512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::5       78430218768                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::6       78412114368                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::7       78410990304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        85917404638.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        85919714934.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        85918573811.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        85918245082.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::4        85917696052.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::5        85910633736.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::6        85920196618.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::7        85922561845.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          64.462340                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          64.464073                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          64.463217                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          64.462970                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::4          64.462559                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::5          64.457260                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::6          64.464435                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::7          64.466209                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        16128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1070848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        17408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1079040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1125376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         8704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1238528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total          4566272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        16128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        17408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total        52224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks       176640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total        176640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4838                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total             17837                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks          690                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total              690                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       166572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     11059866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       179792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     11144474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        79320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     11623038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        89896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     12791688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        23796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total            47161087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       166572                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       179792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        79320                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        89896                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        23796                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total         539377                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks       1824362                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total            1824362                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks       1824362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       166572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     11059866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       179792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     11144474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        79320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     11623038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        89896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     12791688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        23796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total           48985449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                     17837                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                      690                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                  142696                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                   5520                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM              4559136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                  7136                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                177152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys               4566272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys             176640                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                  223                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0            8096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1            8713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2            8049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3            9097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4            8728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5           10121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6            8161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7            8912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::8            7626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::9            9241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::10           8848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::11           8696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::12          10401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::13           8864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::14           9768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::15           9152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1             328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4             360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5             495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6             424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7             280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::8             304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::9             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::10            192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::11            312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::12            296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::13            272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::14            481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::15            256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                 96809421000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5              142696                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5               5520                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                 17680                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                 17676                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                 17679                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                 17684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                 17691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                 17694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                 17698                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                 17704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                   109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                   104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                  101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                   96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                   89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                   86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                   82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                   76                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                  226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                  227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                  227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                  227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                  227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                  227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                  227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                  227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                  231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                  232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples        18772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.305988                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.200324                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    26.573865                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63          241      1.28%      1.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95           17      0.09%      1.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127           13      0.07%      1.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191           13      0.07%      1.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223           17      0.09%      1.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255          232      1.24%      2.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18237     97.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total        18772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples          232                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean   621.900862                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   359.481886                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   525.699216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           29     12.50%     12.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           28     12.07%     24.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           13      5.60%     30.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           10      4.31%     34.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            7      3.02%     37.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      2.16%     39.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           11      4.74%     44.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            8      3.45%     47.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            7      3.02%     50.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            9      3.88%     54.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           11      4.74%     59.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           12      5.17%     64.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           13      5.60%     70.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            7      3.02%     73.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::896-959           10      4.31%     77.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            3      1.29%     78.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            5      2.16%     81.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            6      2.59%     83.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            6      2.59%     86.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      0.86%     87.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      1.72%     88.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.29%     90.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      0.86%     90.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.29%     92.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.29%     93.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.29%     94.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.43%     95.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            5      2.16%     97.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            3      1.29%     98.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.43%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.43%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.43%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total          232                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples          232                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.862069                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.832628                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.047748                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::16              4      1.72%      1.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.43%      2.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24            226     97.41%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total          232                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                 3735076150                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat            6149993500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                455913600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   26216.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              43166.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                      47.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       1.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                   47.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    1.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    30.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                 124615                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                  4622                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                  5225315.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE  92945526600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF    2104340400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT    1772178000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0               6546960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          6559660.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          6973948.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          6811257.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::4          6155654.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::5          6446563.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::6          7184419.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::7          7247318.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0               4416600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1               4425168                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2               4704648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3               4594896                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::4          4152624.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::5               4348872                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::6               4846632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::7               4889064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         34553625.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         34794739.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2             37340160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         35683814.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::4             32111040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::5         34093862.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::6         38161843.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::7         38445388.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        5626920.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        5394677.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        5514117.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        5752995.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::4        5245378.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::5        5129256.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::6        5580472.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::7        5637288.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::4      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::5      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::6      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::7      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      1750512389.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      1757810177.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      1758393984.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      1767730256.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::4        1761522984                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::5      1760634659.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::6      1774504209.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::7        1776213936                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0       78434322528                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1       78427920960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2       78427408848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3       78419219136                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::4       78424664112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::5       78425443344                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::6       78413277072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::7       78411777312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        85915492605.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        85916418963.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        85919849287.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        85919305937.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::4        85913365373.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::5        85915610138.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::6        85923068229.120010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::7        85923723888.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          64.460905                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          64.461600                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          64.464174                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          64.463766                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::4          64.459309                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::5          64.460994                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::6          64.466589                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::7          64.467081                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        17152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1024768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        13056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1064960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         8960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1018112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         9728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1171712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total          4331776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        17152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        13056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         8960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         9728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total        50944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       155136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        155136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           67                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         3977                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total             16921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks          606                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total              606                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       177148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     10583945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       134844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     10999054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        92540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     10515201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       100472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     12101603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        21152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total            44739180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       177148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       134844                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        92540                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       100472                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        21152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total         526157                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks       1602266                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total            1602266                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks       1602266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       177148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     10583945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       134844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     10999054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        92540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     10515201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       100472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     12101603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        21152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total           46341446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                     16921                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                      606                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                  135368                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                   4848                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM              4325088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                  6688                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                154912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys               4331776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             155136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                  209                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                  15                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        15141                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0            8281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1            8544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2            6857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3            7056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4            7792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5            8624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6           10144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7            8442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::8            9528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::9            9088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::10           9362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::11           8872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::12           7240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::13           9928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::14           7056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::15           8345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0             264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2             280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7             343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::8             289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::9             360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::10            264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::11            344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::12            216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::13            336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::14            320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::15            329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                 96840118000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5              135368                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5               4848                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                 16823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                 16824                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                 16832                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                 16834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                 16838                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                 16842                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                 16844                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                 16844                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                    78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                    70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                   62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                   60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                   56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                   52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                   50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                   50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples        17748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.422808                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.526625                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    26.020432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63          213      1.20%      1.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95           15      0.08%      1.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127           20      0.11%      1.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191           20      0.11%      1.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223           16      0.09%      1.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255          203      1.14%      2.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17259     97.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total        17748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples          202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean   669.896040                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   371.234024                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   615.866080                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           26     12.87%     12.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           26     12.87%     25.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           11      5.45%     31.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            6      2.97%     34.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           10      4.95%     39.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      2.48%     41.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            9      4.46%     46.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            5      2.48%     48.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            8      3.96%     52.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            5      2.48%     54.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            6      2.97%     57.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           11      5.45%     63.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            9      4.46%     67.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            7      3.47%     71.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            5      2.48%     73.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            3      1.49%     75.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            8      3.96%     79.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            2      0.99%     80.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            2      0.99%     81.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.49%     82.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.49%     84.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            4      1.98%     86.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      1.98%     88.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.50%     88.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            6      2.97%     91.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.99%     92.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            3      1.49%     94.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            3      1.49%     95.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.50%     96.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.50%     96.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            2      0.99%     97.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            3      1.49%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3135            1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total          202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples          202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.965347                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.942750                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.979281                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.99%      0.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24            198     98.02%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.50%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total          202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                 3531260050                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat            5822205100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                432508800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   26126.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              43076.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                      44.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       1.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                   44.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    1.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    31.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                 118215                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                  4037                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                  5525196.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE  93043333150                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF    2104340400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT    1677961450                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          6886252.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1               5881680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          6601996.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          6920726.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::4          6826982.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::5          6712070.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::6               6870528                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::7          6194966.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0               4645488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1               3967800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2               4453728                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3               4668744                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::4               4605504                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::5               4527984                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::6               4634880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::7          4179144.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         36256396.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         30643891.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         34679923.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         36715660.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::4             36506496                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::5         35553523.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::6         36652262.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::7         31984243.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        5908930.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        5169070.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        5653463.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        5550612.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::4             5235840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::5        5361500.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::6        5311733.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::7        5278970.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::4      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::5      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::6      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::7      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      1760783990.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      1752004166.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      1761826844.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      1766024196.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::4      1764337069.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::5      1763399661.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::6      1765507639.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::7      1769367533.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0       78425312352                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1       78433013952                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2       78424397568                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3       78420715680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::4       78422195616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::5       78423017904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::6       78421168800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::7       78417782928                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        85919306991.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        85910194140.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2         85917127104                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        85920109200.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::4        85919221088.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::5        85918086223.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::6        85919659424.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::7        85914301367.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          64.463767                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          64.456930                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          64.462132                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          64.464369                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::4          64.463703                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::5          64.462851                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::6          64.464032                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::7          64.460012                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1012224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        15104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1038592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1111296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1159168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total          4368128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        13312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        15104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total        41984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks       154368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total        154368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         3954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           59                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total             17063                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks          603                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total              603                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        23796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       137488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     10454389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         7932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       155996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     10726721                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        58168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     11477618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         7932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        47592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     11972047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         2644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        34372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         5288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total            45114628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       137488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       155996                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        58168                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        47592                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        34372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total         433617                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks       1594334                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total            1594334                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks       1594334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        23796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       137488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     10454389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         7932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       155996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     10726721                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        58168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     11477618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         7932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        47592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     11972047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         2644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        34372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         5288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total           46708962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                     17063                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                      603                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                  136504                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                   4824                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM              4362144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                  5984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                154880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys               4368128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys             154368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                  187                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           10                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0            7120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1            8264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2           10144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3            8769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4            9249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5            9017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6            7776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7            8496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::8            8760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::9            7969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::10           8304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::11           9064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::12           8473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::13           7208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::14           9496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::15           8208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1             328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2             448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3             320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4             327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5             248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6             272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7             408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::8             328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::9             328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::10            384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::11            240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::12            232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::13            224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::14            225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::15            272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                 96811084000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5              136504                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5               4824                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                 16922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                 16926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                 16930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                 16934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                 16939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                 16947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                 16952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                 16955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                   108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                    99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                   95                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                   91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                   86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                   78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                   73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                   70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                  198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                  199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                  200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples        17891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.474652                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.686302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    25.765214                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63          203      1.13%      1.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95           27      0.15%      1.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127           17      0.10%      1.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191           20      0.11%      1.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223           24      0.13%      1.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255          195      1.09%      2.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17405     97.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total        17891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples          203                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean   673.758621                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   382.678930                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   600.950539                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           21     10.34%     10.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           30     14.78%     25.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           11      5.42%     30.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            5      2.46%     33.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            8      3.94%     36.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            7      3.45%     40.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            9      4.43%     44.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            4      1.97%     46.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           10      4.93%     51.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            5      2.46%     54.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            4      1.97%     56.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            9      4.43%     60.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            8      3.94%     64.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      2.96%     67.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            7      3.45%     70.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            7      3.45%     74.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            6      2.96%     77.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            5      2.46%     79.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            6      2.96%     82.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      1.97%     84.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            7      3.45%     88.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      0.99%     89.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      0.99%     90.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      0.99%     91.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            5      2.46%     93.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      0.99%     94.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.49%     95.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.49%     95.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      0.99%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.49%     97.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.49%     97.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.49%     98.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.49%     98.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.49%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            1      0.49%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::3264-3327            1      0.49%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total          203                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples          203                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.842365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.814745                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.026760                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.99%      0.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.49%      1.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.49%      1.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.49%      2.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.49%      2.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24            197     97.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total          203                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                 3560575250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat            5871148400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                436214400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   26119.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              43069.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                      45.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       1.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                   45.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    1.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    31.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                 119229                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                  4037                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                  5480079.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  87.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE  93030789450                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF    2104340400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT    1684106150                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          6046790.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          7395494.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2               6483456                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          6380035.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::4          6449587.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::5               6616512                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::6          6183475.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::7          6848150.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0          4079184.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1               4989024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2               4373760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3               4303992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::4               4350912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::5               4463520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::6               4171392                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::7               4619784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         31810022.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         39874099.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         34506201.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3         33562713.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::4             34060416                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::5             34597056                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::6         32284761.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::7         36103142.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        5248696.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        5719818.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        5172387.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        5344911.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::4        5258649.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::5        5464350.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::6             5142528                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::7        5468083.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::4      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::5      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::6      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::7      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      1743677642.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      1760155421.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      1756721413.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      1757167162.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::4      1760870612.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::5      1770926451.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::6      1764362787.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::7      1770642290.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0       78440317920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1       78425863728                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2       78428876016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3       78428485008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::4       78425236368                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::5       78416415456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::6       78422173056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::7       78416664720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        85910693836.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        85923511166.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        85915646815.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        85914757403.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::4        85915740125.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::5        85917996927.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::6        85913831581.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::7        85919859751.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          64.457305                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          64.466922                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          64.461021                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          64.460354                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::4          64.461091                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::5          64.462784                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::6          64.459659                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::7          64.464182                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        20224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1072640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        20224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1080832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        15360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1105152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        12800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1202688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total          4532992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        20224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        20224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        15360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        12800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total        71168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks       184576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total        184576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           79                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           79                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           60                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total             17707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks          721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total              721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       208876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     11078374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       208876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     11162982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       158640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     11414162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       132200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     12421527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        26440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         5288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total            46817366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       208876                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       208876                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       158640                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       132200                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        26440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total         735033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks       1906326                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total            1906326                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks       1906326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       208876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     11078374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       208876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     11162982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       158640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     11414162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       132200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     12421527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        26440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         5288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total           48723693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                     17707                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                      721                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                  141656                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                   5768                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM              4528096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                  4896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                184352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys               4532992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys             184576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                  153                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0            7312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1            9442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2            7776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3            8802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4            9801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5            7016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6           10224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7            8384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::8            8433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::9            7448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::10           8520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::11          10793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::12           9888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::13          11264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::14           7960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::15           8440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0             280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1             344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2             344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3             537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4             335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5             432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6             360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7             264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::8             384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::9             473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::10            328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::11            456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::12            280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::13            336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::14            280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::15            328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                 96851854000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5              141656                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5               5768                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                 17569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                 17564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                 17565                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                 17567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                 17572                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                 17583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                 17589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                 17594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                   106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                   104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                  103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                  101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                   96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                   85                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                   79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                   74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                  238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                  241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                  240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                  239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples        18681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.258873                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.041632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    26.835158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63          249      1.33%      1.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95           17      0.09%      1.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127            7      0.04%      1.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191            7      0.04%      1.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223           17      0.09%      1.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255          241      1.29%      2.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18141     97.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total        18681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean   583.763485                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   311.782864                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   570.724779                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           43     17.84%     17.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           31     12.86%     30.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            8      3.32%     34.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      2.90%     36.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      2.07%     39.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            6      2.49%     41.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           15      6.22%     47.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            9      3.73%     51.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            9      3.73%     55.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           15      6.22%     61.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           13      5.39%     66.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           12      4.98%     71.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            6      2.49%     74.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      2.49%     76.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            6      2.49%     79.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023           11      4.56%     83.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      0.83%     84.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            9      3.73%     88.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      1.24%     89.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.24%     90.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.41%     91.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            5      2.07%     93.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.41%     93.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.41%     94.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.41%     94.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      0.83%     95.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      0.83%     96.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      0.83%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.41%     97.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.41%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.41%     98.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.41%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            1      0.41%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::3264-3327            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.904564                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.888056                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.797927                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.41%      0.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.41%      0.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.41%      1.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.41%      1.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.41%      2.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24            235     97.51%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                 3703030350                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat            6101506200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                452809600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   26169.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              43119.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                      46.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       1.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                   46.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    1.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    31.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                 123776                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                  4807                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                  5255689.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  87.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE  92932600450                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF    2104340400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT    1785104150                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          6919516.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          6833030.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          6517929.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3               6800976                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::4          6031065.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::5          7137244.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::6          7546694.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::7          6439910.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0               4667928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1               4609584                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2               4397016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3               4587960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::4          4068576.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::5               4814808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::6               5091024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::7               4344384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         36982732.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         35878502.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2             34172736                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         35970854.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::4         31555929.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::5         37937702.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::6         40387276.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::7         33808819.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0             5640192                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        5856261.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        5583790.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        5570519.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::4        5166167.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::5        5500846.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::6        5703229.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::7             5225472                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::4      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::5      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::6      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::7      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      1755310786.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      1761927036.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      1760881118.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      1761941482.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::4      1749856023.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::5      1773636459.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::6      1780506610.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::7      1768112804.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0       78430113408                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1       78424309680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2       78425227152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3       78424297008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::4       78434898288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::5       78414038256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::6       78408011808                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::7       78418883568                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        85919148144.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        85918927675.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        85916293322.879990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        85918682380.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::4        85911089630.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::5        85922578897.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::6         85926760224                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::7        85916328538.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          64.463648                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          64.463483                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          64.461506                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          64.463299                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::4          64.457602                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::5          64.466222                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::6          64.469359                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::7          64.461533                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        18432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       951552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       983040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1044736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         9728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1130496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total          4165888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        18432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        13312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        12288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         9728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total        55296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       149504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        149504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         3717                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         3840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total             16273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks          584                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total              584                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       190368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      9827760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       137488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     10152973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       126912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     10790177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       100472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     11675919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        15864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total            43025866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       190368                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       137488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       126912                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       100472                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        15864                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total         571105                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks       1544098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total            1544098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks       1544098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       190368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      9827760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       137488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     10152973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       126912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     10790177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       100472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     11675919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        15864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total           44569963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                     16273                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                      584                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                  130184                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                   4672                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM              4161504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                  4384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                149504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys               4165888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             149504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                  137                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       113465                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0            6752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1            7200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2            7400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3            7920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4            7824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5            7369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6            8096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7            9032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::8            7704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::9            8250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::10           9601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::11           9265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::12           6921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::13           9632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::14           7208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::15           9873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0             184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2             273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6             216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7             376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::8             272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::9             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::10            191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::11            328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::12            376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::13            280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::14            240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::15            264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                 96850158000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5              130184                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5               4672                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                 16153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                 16151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                 16158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                 16162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                 16166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                 16171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                 16179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                 16183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                   103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                    98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                   91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                   87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                   83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                   78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                   70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                   66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples        17074                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.489633                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.604729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    25.896779                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63          204      1.19%      1.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95           22      0.13%      1.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127            9      0.05%      1.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191           11      0.06%      1.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223           20      0.12%      1.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255          195      1.14%      2.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16613     97.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total        17074                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples          195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean   665.471795                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   355.963429                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   594.561263                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           26     13.33%     13.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           29     14.87%     28.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            9      4.62%     32.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            9      4.62%     37.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      2.56%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            7      3.59%     43.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            6      3.08%     46.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            4      2.05%     48.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            5      2.56%     51.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            4      2.05%     53.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            9      4.62%     57.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            7      3.59%     61.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            3      1.54%     63.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      3.08%     66.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            3      1.54%     67.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            7      3.59%     71.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      1.03%     72.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151           12      6.15%     78.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            5      2.56%     81.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            5      2.56%     83.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      2.05%     85.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.54%     87.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      2.05%     89.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      1.03%     90.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            4      2.05%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            4      2.05%     94.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      1.03%     95.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            4      2.05%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.51%     97.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.51%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.51%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total          195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples          195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.958974                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.939890                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.924109                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::17              2      1.03%      1.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.51%      1.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24            191     97.95%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.51%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total          195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                 3395107850                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat            5599404500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                416150400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   26106.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              43056.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                      42.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       1.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                   43.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    1.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    31.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                 113745                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                  3900                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                  5745397.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE  93117948500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF    2104340400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT    1599756100                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          6050419.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          6378220.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          6170774.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          6753801.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::4          6314716.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::5          6678806.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::6          6596553.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::7          6516115.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0               4081632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1               4302768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2          4162824.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3               4556136                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::4               4259928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::5               4505544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::6               4450056                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::7               4395792                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         31265894.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1             33264192                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         31864934.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3             35712768                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::4         33335577.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::5         35337369.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::6         34502707.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::7         34663449.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        5531120.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        5637288.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        5573836.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        5500846.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::4        5182341.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::5        5315051.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::6        5397995.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::7        5076172.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::4      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::5      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::6      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::7      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      1752494731.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      1756104062.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      1761292284.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      1762166710.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::4      1756618047.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::5      1764913818.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::6      1774615564.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::7      1762220280.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0       78432583632                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1       78429417552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2       78424866480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3       78424099440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::4       78428966688                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::5       78421689696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::6       78413179392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::7       78424052448                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        85911521010.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        85914617664.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        85913444714.879990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        85918303282.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::4        85914190879.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::5        85917953866.560013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::6        85918255849.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::7        85916437839.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          64.457926                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          64.460249                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          64.459369                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          64.463014                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::4          64.459929                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::5          64.462752                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::6          64.462979                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::7          64.461615                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        11776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1030656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        22272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1035520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1066496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1152768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total          4338944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        11776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        22272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         9216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total        52736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       143360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        143360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           46                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           87                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total             16949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks          560                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total              560                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       121624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     10644757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       230028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     10694993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        95184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     11014918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        66100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     11905947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        31728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total            44813212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       121624                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       230028                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        95184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        66100                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        31728                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total         544665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks       1480642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total            1480642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks       1480642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       121624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     10644757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       230028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     10694993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        95184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     11014918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        66100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     11905947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        31728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total           46293854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                     16949                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                      560                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                  135592                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                   4480                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM              4332224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                  6720                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                142848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys               4338944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             143360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                  210                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0            8625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1            7328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2            7841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3            9784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4            9208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5            7712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6            8064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7            7753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::8            8144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::9            9184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::10          11112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::11           7913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::12           8824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::13           8433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::14           8616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::15           6841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0             312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1             271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2             312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3             232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4             248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7             265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::8             304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::9             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::10            240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::11            272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::12            216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::13            280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::14            296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::15            336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                 96826447000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5              135592                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5               4480                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                 16857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                 16858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                 16860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                 16863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                 16867                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                 16870                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                 16872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                 16873                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                    71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                    64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                   62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                   59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                   55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                   52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                   50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                   49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                  186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples        17699                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.843211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   249.343489                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    24.572530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63          190      1.07%      1.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95           20      0.11%      1.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127            9      0.05%      1.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191           11      0.06%      1.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223           18      0.10%      1.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255          182      1.03%      2.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17269     97.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total        17699                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples          186                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean   729.747312                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   367.117972                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   719.654741                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           53     28.49%     28.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           12      6.45%     34.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            9      4.84%     39.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           13      6.99%     46.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           11      5.91%     52.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            6      3.23%     55.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           14      7.53%     63.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           11      5.91%     69.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151           20     10.75%     80.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            6      3.23%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            6      3.23%     86.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            4      2.15%     88.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      1.08%     89.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            4      2.15%     91.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            4      2.15%     94.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            4      2.15%     96.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.54%     96.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.54%     97.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.54%     97.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            2      1.08%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      0.54%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::4224-4351            1      0.54%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total          186                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples          186                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24            186    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total          186                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                 3511860000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat            5806584900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                433222400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   25940.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              42890.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                      44.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       1.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                   44.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    1.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    31.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                 118422                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                  3725                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                  5530095.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  87.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE  93044869250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF    2104340400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT    1672835350                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          6274195.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          7064668.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2               6459264                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          6415113.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::4          6510067.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::5          7009027.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::6          6646147.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::7               6350400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0               4232592                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1               4765848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2               4357440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3               4327656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::4               4391712                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::5               4728312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::6               4483512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::7               4284000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0             33166848                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1             37657152                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         33956582.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         33473356.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::4         34076889.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::5         37716057.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::6         34927027.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::7             32972160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        5301780.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        5736407.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        5404631.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        5481354.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::4        5540659.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::5        5275653.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::6        5341593.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::7        5434490.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::4      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::5      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::6      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::7      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      1747723803.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      1763360153.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      1758663043.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      1763777174.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::4      1763116539.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::5      1760517175.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::6      1768880033.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::7      1767786344.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0       78436768656                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1       78423052560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2       78427172832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3       78422686752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::4       78423266256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::5       78425546400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::6       78418210560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::7       78419169936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        85912981456.319992                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        85921150369.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        85915527373.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        85915674987.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::4        85916415704.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::5        85920306206.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::6        85918002454.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::7        85915510912.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          64.459021                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          64.465150                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          64.460931                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          64.461042                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::4          64.461598                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::5          64.464517                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::6          64.462788                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::7          64.460919                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        17664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       992512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        17920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1013504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1062144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         6912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1149184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total          4281344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        17664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        17920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total        52736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       155648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        155648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         3877                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         3959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total             16724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks          608                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total              608                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        18508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       182436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     10250801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        15864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       185080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     10467609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        29084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        76676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     10969970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        52880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        71388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     11868931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        29084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total            44218311                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       182436                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       185080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        76676                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        71388                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        29084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total         544665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks       1607554                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total            1607554                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks       1607554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        18508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       182436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     10250801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        15864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       185080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     10467609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        29084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        76676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     10969970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        52880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        71388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     11868931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        29084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total           45825865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                     16724                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                      608                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                  133792                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                   4864                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM              4273280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                  8064                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                155648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys               4281344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             155648                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                  252                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0            8192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1            8672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2            8208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3            8401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4            8448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5            7920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6            7881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7            8857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::8            9802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::9            8637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::10           8136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::11           8169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::12           8400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::13           7552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::14           8625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::15           7640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0             264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2             303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3             328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4             264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5             320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6             232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7             320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::8             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::9             657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::10            224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::11            272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::12            240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::13            296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::14            224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::15            312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                 96802583000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5              133792                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5               4864                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                 16590                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                 16587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                 16596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                 16599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                 16603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                 16609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                 16616                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                 16619                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                   104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                    96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                   87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                   84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                   80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                   74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                   67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                   64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                  201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                  204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                  203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                  202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples        17548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.389332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.424963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    26.213284                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63          214      1.22%      1.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95           19      0.11%      1.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127           16      0.09%      1.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159            1      0.01%      1.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191           15      0.09%      1.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223           19      0.11%      1.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255          201      1.15%      2.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17063     97.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total        17548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples          203                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean   651.403941                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   358.154786                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   599.176840                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           28     13.79%     13.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           26     12.81%     26.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            8      3.94%     30.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            3      1.48%     32.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            9      4.43%     36.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      2.46%     38.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            9      4.43%     43.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           16      7.88%     51.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            9      4.43%     55.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            4      1.97%     57.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      3.45%     61.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           11      5.42%     66.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            8      3.94%     70.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      2.96%     73.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            3      1.48%     74.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            3      1.48%     76.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      1.97%     78.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            2      0.99%     79.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            6      2.96%     82.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      0.99%     83.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      1.97%     85.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            6      2.96%     88.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      1.97%     90.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.49%     90.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.49%     91.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.99%     92.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            5      2.46%     94.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.49%     95.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.49%     95.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.49%     96.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.49%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            3      1.48%     98.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.49%     98.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.49%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            1      0.49%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2752-2815            1      0.49%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total          203                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples          203                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.960591                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.940348                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.937885                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.49%      0.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.49%      0.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.49%      1.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            199     98.03%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total          203                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                 3485432100                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat            5748935100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                427328000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   26100.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              43050.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                      44.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       1.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                   44.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    1.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    30.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                 116800                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                  4056                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                  5585194.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  87.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE  93081876400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF    2104340400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT    1635828200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          6652195.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          6460473.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          6248188.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          6487689.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::4               6831216                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::5          6300201.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::6          6328627.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::7          6418742.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0               4487592                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1               4358256                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2               4215048                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3               4376616                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::4               4608360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::5               4250136                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::6               4269312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::7               4330104                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         35634892.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         34111833.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         32891289.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         34406860.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::4         35935411.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::5             33047040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::6         33073497.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::7             33493824                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        5397995.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        5451079.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        5321687.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        5301780.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::4        5501260.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::5        5218836.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::6        5205565.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::7        5258649.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::4      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::5      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::6      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::7      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      1748346024.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1        1756543464                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      1751264406.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      1756428333.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::4      1771399615.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::5      1762025806.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::6      1766969429.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::7      1767852282.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0       78436222848                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1       78429032112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2       78433662864                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3       78429133104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::4       78416000400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::5       78424223040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::6       78419886528                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::7       78419112096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        85916255129.280014                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        85915470799.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        85913117064.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        85915647964.799988                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::4        85919789844.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::5        85914578640.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::6        85915246540.799988                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::7        85915979279.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          64.461477                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          64.460889                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          64.459123                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          64.461022                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::4          64.464129                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::5          64.460220                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::6          64.460721                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::7          64.461270                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data           10                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total           10                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           10                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total           10                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        13824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1061888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1075200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1105920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         8192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1193216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total          4495872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        13824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        12288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         8448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total        45568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks       193536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total        193536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4320                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4661                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total             17562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks          756                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total              756                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        37016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       142776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     10967326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        23796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       126912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     11104814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        34372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        87252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     11422094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        37016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        84608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     12323699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         2644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        29084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        10576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total            46433986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       142776                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       126912                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        87252                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        84608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        29084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total         470633                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks       1998866                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total            1998866                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks       1998866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        37016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       142776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     10967326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        23796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       126912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     11104814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        34372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        87252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     11422094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        37016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        84608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     12323699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         2644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        29084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        10576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total           48432852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                     17562                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                      756                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                  140496                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                   6048                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM              4483296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                 12576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                193792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys               4495872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys             193536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                  393                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0            8776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1           10872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2            8728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3            7945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4            8696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5            6954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6            8878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7            9784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::8            9526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::9            8776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::10           9600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::11           8377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::12           7192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::13           7720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::14          10397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::15           7882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0             231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1             320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2             328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3             320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5             248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7             416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::8             624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::9             376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::10            256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::11            336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::12            312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::13            289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::14            480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::15            472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                 96828168000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5              140496                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5               6048                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                 17390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                 17384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                 17388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                 17393                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                 17399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                 17404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                 17410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                 17418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                   119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                   108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                  104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                   99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                   93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                   87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                   81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                   73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                  250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                  251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                  254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                  253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                  252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples        18559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.011854                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   247.508149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    27.730957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63          266      1.43%      1.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95           14      0.08%      1.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127           10      0.05%      1.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191           11      0.06%      1.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223           15      0.08%      1.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255          246      1.33%      3.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17995     96.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total        18559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples          253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean   551.079051                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   325.248142                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   495.198166                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           30     11.86%     11.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           25      9.88%     21.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           21      8.30%     30.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           16      6.32%     36.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           15      5.93%     42.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           11      4.35%     46.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           16      6.32%     52.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            9      3.56%     56.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           13      5.14%     61.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           10      3.95%     65.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           11      4.35%     69.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            7      2.77%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      2.77%     75.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            5      1.98%     77.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::896-959           10      3.95%     81.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            2      0.79%     82.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            5      1.98%     84.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            5      1.98%     86.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            2      0.79%     86.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            7      2.77%     89.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.19%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            4      1.58%     92.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.19%     93.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            5      1.98%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      0.79%     96.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.19%     97.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.40%     98.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.40%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.40%     98.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.40%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total          253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples          253                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.936759                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.914971                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.957403                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.79%      0.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.40%      1.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.40%      1.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24            248     98.02%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total          253                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                 3666215150                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat            6040961000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                448329600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   26168.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              43118.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                      46.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       2.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                   46.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    2.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    30.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                 122547                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                  5053                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                  5285957.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  87.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE  92934883250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF    2104340400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT    1782821350                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          7252761.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          6852988.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          6351609.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          7509801.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::4          7026566.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::5               7118496                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::6          6136905.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::7               7106400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0               4892736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1               4623048                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2               4284816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3               5066136                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::4               4740144                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::5               4802160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::6          4139976.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::7               4794000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         38913139.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1             36501504                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2             32957184                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         39922521.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::4         37105036.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::5         37369113.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::6         31607846.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::7             37048128                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        5786173.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        5530705.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        5610332.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        6064865.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::4        5699911.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::5        5809397.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::6        5441541.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::7        5898977.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::4      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::5      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::6      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::7      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      1762405234.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      1759577852.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      1760853758.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      1773578347.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::4      1770090439.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::5      1774116299.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::6      1761851522.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::7      1780118864.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0       78423890208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1       78426370368                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2       78425251152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3       78414089232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::4       78417148800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::5       78413617344                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::6       78424375920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::7       78408351936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        85922653833.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        85918970047.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        85914822432.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        85925744484.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::4        85921324479.359985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::5        85922346391.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::6        85913067292.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::7        85922831886.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          64.466278                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          64.463514                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          64.460403                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          64.468597                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::4          64.465281                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::5          64.466048                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::6          64.459086                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::7          64.466412                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        18688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       966400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        14336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       978432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1027072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        10240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1123584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total          4150784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        18688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        14336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         8448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        10240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total        53504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks       168448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total        168448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           73                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         3775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         3822                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total             16214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks          658                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total              658                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       193012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      9981112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       148064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     10105381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst        87252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     10607741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       105760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     11604530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        18508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        15864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total            42869869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       193012                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       148064                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        87252                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       105760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        18508                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total         552597                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks       1739754                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total            1739754                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks       1739754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       193012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      9981112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       148064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     10105381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst        87252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     10607741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       105760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     11604530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        18508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        15864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total           44609624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                     16214                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                      658                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                  129712                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                   5264                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM              4145696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                  5088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                168448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys               4150784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys             168448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                  159                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        67511                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0            8584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1            7921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2            8001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3            8241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4            8632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5            7824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6            8152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7            7880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::8            7776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::9            8752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::10           7024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::11           8033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::12           7465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::13           8546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::14           8752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::15           7970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0             200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1             304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2             408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3             631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4             384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5             224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6             280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::8             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::9             353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::10            248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::11            432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::12            456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::13            296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::14            320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::15            192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                 96830591000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5              129712                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5               5264                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                 16086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                 16085                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                 16093                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                 16097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                 16103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                 16106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                 16112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                 16116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                   105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                    97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                   89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                   86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                   80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                   77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                   71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                   67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                  218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                  220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                  219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples        17112                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.112202                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   247.797689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    27.250246                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63          231      1.35%      1.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95           17      0.10%      1.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127           12      0.07%      1.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191           12      0.07%      1.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223           17      0.10%      1.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255          222      1.30%      3.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287        16599     97.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total        17112                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples          220                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean   590.372727                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   341.254526                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   535.638071                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           29     13.18%     13.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           27     12.27%     25.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      4.55%     30.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      3.18%     33.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           12      5.45%     38.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            8      3.64%     42.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           11      5.00%     47.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            8      3.64%     50.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           13      5.91%     56.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           11      5.00%     61.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           11      5.00%     66.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            9      4.09%     70.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            6      2.73%     73.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            5      2.27%     75.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            6      2.73%     78.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            4      1.82%     80.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            6      2.73%     83.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            6      2.73%     85.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            5      2.27%     88.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      1.82%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      0.91%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      0.91%     91.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.36%     93.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.45%     93.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      0.91%     94.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.36%     95.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.45%     96.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            3      1.36%     97.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.45%     98.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.45%     98.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.45%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.45%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3135            1      0.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total          220                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples          220                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.927273                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.915043                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.685254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.45%      0.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.45%      0.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.45%      1.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24            217     98.64%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total          220                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                 3382175550                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat            5578098900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                414569600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   26106.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              43056.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                      42.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       1.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                   42.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    1.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    31.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                 113313                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                  4392                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                  5739129.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  87.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE  93106832750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF    2104340400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT    1610871850                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0          6331651.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1          6709046.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          6387292.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          6567523.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::4          6326812.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::5          6000825.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::6          6511881.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::7          6330441.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0               4271352                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1               4525944                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2               4308888                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3               4430472                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::4               4268088                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::5          4048176.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::6               4392936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::7               4270536                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0             33349056                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         35318899.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         33202790.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         34278067.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::4         33398476.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::5         31071705.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::6         33977049.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::7         33171340.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        5378088.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        5696593.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        5633556.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        5593743.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::4        5189391.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::5        5278556.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::6        5404631.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::7        5195612.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::4      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::5      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::6      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::7      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      1754283637.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      1757638958.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      1760886754.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      1765198143.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::4      1755429474.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::5      1755621924.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::6      1768405173.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::7      1763393915.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0       78431014416                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1       78428071152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2       78425222208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3       78421440288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::4       78430009296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::5       78429840480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::6       78418627104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::7       78423022944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        85914141782.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        85917474174.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        85915155071.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        85917021817.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::4         85914135120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::5        85911375248.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::6        85916832356.159988                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::7        85914898370.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          64.459892                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          64.462392                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          64.460652                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          64.462053                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::4          64.459887                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::5          64.457816                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::6          64.461911                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::7          64.460459                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        19968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1074688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        17920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1090304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        14080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1095424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        11776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1238016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total          4568576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        19968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        17920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        14080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        11776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total        67328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks       188416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total        188416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           78                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           46                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.data           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total             17846                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks          736                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total              736                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       206232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     11099526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       185080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     11260810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       145420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     11313690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       121624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     12786400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        37016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        29084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total            47184883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       206232                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       185080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       145420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       121624                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        37016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total         695373                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks       1945986                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total            1945986                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks       1945986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       206232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     11099526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       185080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     11260810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       145420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     11313690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       121624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     12786400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        37016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        29084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total           49130869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                     17846                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                      736                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                  142768                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                   5888                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM              4563680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                  4896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                188672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys               4568576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys             188416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                  153                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            9                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0            8864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1            9184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2           12704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3            8649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4            7928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5            7376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6            9664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7            7857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::8            8912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::9            7049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::10           8577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::11           9376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::12           8409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::13           8361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::14          10017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::15           9688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0             264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2             520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3             312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4             520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6             320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7             457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::8             248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::9             360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::10            472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::11            296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::12            432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::13            375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::14            328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::15            344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                 96842539000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5              142768                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5               5888                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                 17693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                 17695                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                 17701                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                 17707                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                 17709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                 17719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                 17734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                 17738                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                   124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                   115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                  109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                  103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                  101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                   91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                   76                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                   72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                  245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                  246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples        18875                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.780238                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   247.135989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    28.322101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63          273      1.45%      1.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95           25      0.13%      1.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127           10      0.05%      1.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.04%      1.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191           10      0.05%      1.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223           26      0.14%      1.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255          264      1.40%      3.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18259     96.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total        18875                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples          246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean   581.426829                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   330.708053                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   515.917958                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           36     14.63%     14.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           27     10.98%     25.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           13      5.28%     30.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           11      4.47%     35.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            9      3.66%     39.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           11      4.47%     43.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            8      3.25%     46.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           10      4.07%     50.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           10      4.07%     54.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           14      5.69%     60.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           12      4.88%     65.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           10      4.07%     69.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           12      4.88%     74.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           10      4.07%     78.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            2      0.81%     79.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            9      3.66%     82.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            5      2.03%     84.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            2      0.81%     85.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            2      0.81%     86.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.22%     87.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      1.63%     89.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      0.81%     90.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            5      2.03%     92.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            4      1.63%     93.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.22%     95.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      0.81%     95.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      0.81%     96.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.41%     97.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            3      1.22%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      0.81%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total          246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples          246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.967480                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.960475                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.510061                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.41%      0.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24            245     99.59%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total          246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                 3729089250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat            6146413500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                456368000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   26147.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              43097.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                      47.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       1.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                   47.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    1.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    30.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                 124723                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                  4913                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                  5211631.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  87.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE  92886318250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF    2104340400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT    1831386350                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0               6828192                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1               8294832                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          6041347.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3               6885648                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::4          6213110.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::5          6898348.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::6          6448377.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::7          7065878.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0               4606320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1               5595720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2               4075512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3               4645080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::4          4191384.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::5               4653648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::6               4350096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::7               4766664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         36181017.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1         45354316.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         31104652.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         36393676.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::4         32544844.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::5         36275366.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::6         33960076.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::7         37421529.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        5766266.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        6031687.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        5520752.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        5587522.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::4        5212200.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::5        5590425.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::6        5202247.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::7             5474304                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::4      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::5      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::6      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::7      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      1755771200.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      1772696917.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      1755843923.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      1768546460.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::4      1756471288.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::5      1772686630.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::6      1762471992.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::7      1775924084.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0       78429709536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1       78414862416                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2       78429645744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3       78418503168                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::4       78429095424                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::5       78414871440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::6       78423831648                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::7       78412031568                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        85918376113.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        85932349470.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        85911745512.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        85920075136.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::4        85913241833.280014                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::5        85920489439.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::6        85915778019.840012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::7        85922197608.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          64.463069                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          64.473553                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          64.458094                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          64.464344                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::4          64.459217                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::5          64.464654                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::6          64.461119                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::7          64.465936                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        17152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1010432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        25344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1003520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         9728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1063680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         9472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1168896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total          4312576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        17152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        25344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         9728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         9472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total        65280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       163072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        163072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           67                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         3947                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           99                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         3920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total             16846                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks          637                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total              637                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       177148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     10435881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       261756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     10364493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       100472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     10985834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        97828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     12072519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        37016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total            44540879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       177148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       261756                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       100472                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        97828                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        37016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total         674221                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks       1684230                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total            1684230                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks       1684230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       177148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     10435881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       261756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     10364493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       100472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     10985834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        97828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     12072519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        37016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total           46225110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                     16846                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                      637                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                  134768                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                   5096                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM              4307040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                  5536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                162816                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys               4312576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             163072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                  173                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0            8264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1            7608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2            8672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3            8392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4            6681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5            8705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6           11289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7            9088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::8            8610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::9            8137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::10           6930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::11           8224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::12           7936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::13           8833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::14           9640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::15           7586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0             184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2             520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3             368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4             449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5             264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6             360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::8             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::9             288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::10            416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::11            200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::12            296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::13            327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::14            240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::15            352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                 96860966000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5              134768                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5               5096                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                 16719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                 16711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                 16719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                 16723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                 16724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                 16731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                 16737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                 16742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                    97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                    94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                   86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                   82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                   81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                   74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                   68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                   63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                  210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                  211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                  214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                  213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                  212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples        17709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.405895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.361402                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    26.304650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63          225      1.27%      1.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95           17      0.10%      1.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127            7      0.04%      1.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191            7      0.04%      1.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223           17      0.10%      1.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255          214      1.21%      2.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17220     97.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total        17709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples          213                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean   631.525822                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   363.069433                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   514.545610                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           31     14.55%     14.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           23     10.80%     25.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            6      2.82%     28.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      3.29%     31.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            8      3.76%     35.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            9      4.23%     39.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            4      1.88%     41.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            7      3.29%     44.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            9      4.23%     48.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            7      3.29%     52.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           11      5.16%     57.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           12      5.63%     62.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      3.29%     66.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            7      3.29%     69.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::896-959           12      5.63%     75.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.35%     77.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            5      2.35%     79.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151           10      4.69%     84.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      1.41%     85.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            5      2.35%     88.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            5      2.35%     90.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      0.94%     91.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            6      2.82%     94.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.47%     94.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      0.94%     95.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.94%     96.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      0.94%     97.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.47%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      0.94%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.47%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.47%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total          213                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples          213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.887324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.866780                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.883005                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      0.94%      0.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.47%      1.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.47%      1.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24            209     98.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total          213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                 3520670650                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat            5802055900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                430704000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   26157.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              43107.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                      44.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       1.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                   44.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    1.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    31.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                 117729                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                  4245                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                  5540294.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  87.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE  93046733250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF    2104340400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT    1674393350                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          6392131.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1               6731424                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2          6252422.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3          7303564.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::4               6398784                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::5          6369148.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::6          6606835.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::7          6396364.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0               4312152                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1               4541040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2               4217904                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3               4927008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::4               4316640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::5               4296648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::6               4456992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::7               4315008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         33521779.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         35432716.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         32608243.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         39362419.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::4         33508300.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::5             33067008                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::6         34591065.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::7             33618624                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        5603696.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        5706547.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        5474718.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        5507481.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::4        5368135.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::5        5490892.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::6        5447761.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::7        5179023.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::4      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::5      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::6      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::7      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      1755969560.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      1760220374.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      1756016127.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      1771135427.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::4      1762612787.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::5      1769640477.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::6      1769642994.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::7      1764101773.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0       78429535536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1       78425806752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2       78429494688                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3       78416232144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::4       78423708144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::5       78417543504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::6       78417541296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::7       78422402016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        85914848436.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        85917952435.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        85913577684.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        85923981625.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::4        85915426372.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::5        85915921259.519989                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::6        85917800525.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::7        85915526390.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          64.460422                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          64.462751                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          64.459469                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          64.467274                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::4          64.460856                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::5          64.461227                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::6          64.462637                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::7          64.460931                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        20224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1000704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1039872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst        15872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1065216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1159680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total          4335360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        20224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        19712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst        15872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        11008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total        68864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       150272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        150272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           79                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         3909                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           77                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           62                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total             16935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks          587                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total              587                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       208876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     10335409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       203588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     10739941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       163928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     11001698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       113692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     11977335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        21152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        10576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total            44776196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       208876                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       203588                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       163928                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       113692                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        21152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total         711237                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks       1552030                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total            1552030                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks       1552030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       208876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     10335409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       203588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     10739941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       163928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     11001698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       113692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     11977335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        21152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        10576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total           46328226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                     16935                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                      587                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                  135480                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                   4696                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM              4328896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                  6464                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                150272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys               4335360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             150272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                  202                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           80                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0            7537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1            7464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2            8016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3            9226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4            7489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5            9032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6            9856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7            6800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::8            9881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::9            9032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::10           8360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::11           9401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::12           9080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::13           7088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::14           8584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::15           8432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0             176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1             336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2             336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3             384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4             384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5             217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7             320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::8             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::9             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::10            248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::11            208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::12            296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::13            279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::14            280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::15            368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                 96835641000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5              135480                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5               4696                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                 16825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                 16824                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                 16825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                 16829                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                 16834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                 16845                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                 16852                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                 16854                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                    90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                    85                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                   84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                   80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                   75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                   64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                   57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                   55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples        17728                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   252.660650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.914746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    25.331957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63          207      1.17%      1.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95           18      0.10%      1.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127            7      0.04%      1.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191            7      0.04%      1.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223           18      0.10%      1.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255          201      1.13%      2.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17270     97.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total        17728                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples          196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean   690.234694                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   389.233672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   587.933378                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           27     13.78%     13.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           23     11.73%     25.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      3.57%     29.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            5      2.55%     31.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      2.04%     33.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            3      1.53%     35.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      3.57%     38.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            8      4.08%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            6      3.06%     45.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           11      5.61%     51.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            8      4.08%     55.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            5      2.55%     58.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      3.57%     61.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           10      5.10%     66.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            9      4.59%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            7      3.57%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            7      3.57%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            3      1.53%     80.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      1.53%     81.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            9      4.59%     86.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      1.02%     87.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      1.02%     88.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.53%     89.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.51%     90.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            6      3.06%     93.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.51%     93.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            3      1.53%     95.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.51%     95.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.51%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.51%     96.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.51%     97.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            3      1.53%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::3136-3199            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total          196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples          196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.959184                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.953951                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.462288                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.51%      0.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.51%      1.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.51%      1.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            192     97.96%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.51%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total          196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                 3521795900                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat            5814758000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                432889600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   26033.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              42983.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                      44.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       1.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                   44.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    1.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    31.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                 118326                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                  3920                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                  5526517.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE  93107934000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF    2104340400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT    1609770600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          6046790.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          6798556.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          6192547.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3               6286896                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::4          7056201.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::5               6689088                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::6          6267542.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::7          6503414.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0          4079184.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1               4586328                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2               4177512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3               4241160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::4               4760136                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::5               4512480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::6               4228104                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::7               4387224                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0         31637798.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         35708774.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         32683123.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         33095961.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::4         37420531.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::5             35418240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::6             33034560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::7         34034956.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        5311733.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        5762949.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        5172802.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        5245378.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::4        5660098.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::5        5311733.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::6        5106032.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::7        5358182.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::4      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::5      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::6      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::7      5679513580.800000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      1751107743.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      1761422791.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      1750706481.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      1756869923.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::4      1768257319.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::5      1767671213.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::6      1760032684.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::7      1767184315.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0       78433800288                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1       78424752000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2       78434152272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3       78428745744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::4       78418756800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::5       78419270928                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::6       78425971392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::7       78419698032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        85911497118.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        85918544980.799988                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        85912598319.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        85913998644.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::4        85921424667.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::5        85918387264.319992                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::6        85914153896.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::7        85916679705.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          64.457908                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          64.463195                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          64.458734                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          64.459784                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::4          64.465356                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::5          64.463077                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::6          64.459901                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::7          64.461796                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              271116                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             271116                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 53                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp                53                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             10342                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           282359                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          45318                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          266076                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             38872                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1026                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      1185991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1186333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1186333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          684                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave     72285441                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     72286125                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                72286125                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    135558000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   4471569500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        53000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        26500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    170643000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    141504329                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     22686943                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    133038000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         1998                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     19628598                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     16929000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         1084                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         7371                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           23                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           84                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          452                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           68                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         5507                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           44                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           52                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      1959999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     53259483                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        18000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback        37987                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1543000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        61000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     42681500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         4000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       404000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                          1755                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                        12932                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime             3605986                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime           96362983                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                            99449                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            647890                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  647890    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              647890                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              111500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                 171                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy           439693500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded              548442                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         4621563000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded             538271                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq             270997                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp            270997                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback            10342                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          237663                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         28413                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         266076                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1026                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1026                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         8970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         8808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         8399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         8929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        43445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        42003                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        64911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port        16083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         8954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         9107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         8690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total       271645                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         8935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         9072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         8306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         8380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         9066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        43413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        41977                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        65473                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port        16312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         9002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         9017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         8410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total       271640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         9039                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         9149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         8571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         8339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         9209                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8583                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        43209                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        41875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        64930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port        16012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         9073                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         9148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         8590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total       271594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         8944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         8517                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         8652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         8744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         8405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         8191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         9242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         8885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        43504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port        42253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port        64746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port        16323                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         9106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         9096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         8366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total       271663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total               1086542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1171200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1104384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1162240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1147136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1118464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1094912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1109760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1166848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1132800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1131264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1064448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1068544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1117952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1167872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1188096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1134592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total     18080512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1167616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1120256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1177088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1084416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1106176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1090560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1116416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1181696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1116928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1135872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1091840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1071360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1123840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1172992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1180160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1093376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total     18030593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1182976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1126912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1183488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1117184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1126656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1086720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1109760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1205504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1115392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1100032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1051648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1087488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1111808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1186816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1192192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1116416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total     18100992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1167616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1130752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1103104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1126912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1134336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1096704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1069824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1202944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1157376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1086208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1111296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1088000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1133312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1189888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1182464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1092608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total     18073344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total               72285441                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    379272600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2680442900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     97214000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    332714600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     39776200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    372263724                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      1410800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     10101250                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          308                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           34                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           64                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       252200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp         7900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback          800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        50600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         5000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        48600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                          413                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           1                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime             357200                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime              7900                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy           31680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded              18322                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy           28994600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded              17511                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy           30390400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded              18178                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy           29567000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded              17487                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy           29336000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded              17602                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy           28885400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded              17073                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy           29442200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded              17211                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy           31903000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded              18591                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy           29559200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded              17676                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy          127440000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded              87128                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy         123385400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded             84383                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy         187106800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded            130322                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy          50580800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded             32668                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy          31553600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded             18428                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy          31439800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded             18529                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy          29124000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded             17332                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy         766087966                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded            134534                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy         764371022                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded            134529                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy         766285197                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded            134484                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy         766065189                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded            134553                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.iocache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq       270997                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp       270997                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback        10342                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       237663                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        28413                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       266076                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq         1026                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1026                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       271645                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       271640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       271594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       271663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      1086542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave     18080512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave     18030593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave     18100992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave     18073344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total     72285441                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    216797600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1083988000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     41368000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    190130400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     22730400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    212860800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       820800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      4104000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         1938                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1505                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           13                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      4601000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      2762000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        42000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                  3456                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime      7405000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy    117935200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded       137111                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy    117948100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded       137111                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy    118091200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded       137110                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy    117873600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded       137110                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   1300953600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded       538100                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2940625                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2934865                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate         5759                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq                53                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp               53                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            63368                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          281850                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         45435                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         327285                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         5777                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp         5777                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            53292                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           53292                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       686186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       731627                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         8746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       697609                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       752211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       710687                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       773743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         6960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       688050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       845945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               5918820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1010944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     45946792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1462524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1119488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     47324332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1503744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       920576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     48577692                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1542388                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       890880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     52988556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1685820                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       132608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        65329                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              205171917                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1473647130                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  24640378968                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        53000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        26500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   2059507373                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq    144972949                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     22826247                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp    132875929                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq      2890496                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     27138931                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    112427478                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        60134                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         3533                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           16                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          919                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         4523                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          850                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           90                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq         1435                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq         1050                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp          359                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    533441220                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     46853933                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        36000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      8964480                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     44803823                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      9051499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1273500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq      1771000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      8929489                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      6188999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        69101                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                        3982                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime          606997511                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime          54316432                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                          798611                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3390228                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47               3390228    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            3390228                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3731112626                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            3390400                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         128532857                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              3949                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       11672817236                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            12.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            439505                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                10                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy         366315829                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded            365996                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy         142258009                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded              4373                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy       11693495675                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            12.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            443131                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy         376591844                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded            376275                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy        117076841                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded             3596                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy      12019492609                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization           12.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded           451998                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.occupancy            23000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded               23                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy        388492779                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded           388146                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy        113327329                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded             3480                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy      11283720658                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization           11.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded           421072                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.occupancy            23000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded               23                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy        424841777                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded           424490                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy            97500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                3                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy            98000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy            98000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         16838491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              518                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          9147998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              430                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                5                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         9681                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         9681    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         9681                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         9681                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         9681    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         9681                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         9681                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         9681    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         9681                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         9681                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         9681    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         9681                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples         9681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0             9681    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total         9681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         9681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0            9681    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total         9681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                    272180                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8186.541397                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      420250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    272180                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.544015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      328.152251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     1.178752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.030338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst    32.517655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  1905.928638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     2.050621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    31.352937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data  1861.168251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.884244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst    15.560190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data  1885.737012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     2.145669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst    15.242398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data  2062.302775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     3.112030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst    14.137243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data    25.040393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.040058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.003969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.232657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.003827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.227193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.001899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.230193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.001861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.251746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.001726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.003057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2040                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          665                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001465                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995239                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  21009495                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 21009495                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       365565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         2494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       100309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       375888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst         2990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       104150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       385537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst         2555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data       106218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       421397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst         2466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data       115834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 1985904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            63368                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 63368                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           76                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           63                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           96                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  302                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                117                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          428                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          335                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          535                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1622                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       365565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          2494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data        100737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       375888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst          2990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data        104463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       385537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst          2555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data        106553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       421397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst          2466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data        116369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1987526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       365565                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         2494                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data       100737                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       375888                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst         2990                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data       104463                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       385537                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           23                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst         2555                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data       106553                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       421397                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           23                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst         2466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data       116369                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          340                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          113                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1987526                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        63537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        64540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        66801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        72964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                273202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        60322                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        62412                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        62025                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        52003                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             236852                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         6748                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         7058                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         6773                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         7833                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            28413                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          448                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          488                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          474                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          424                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1837                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data        63985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data        65028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data        67275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data        73388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 275039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           66                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1455                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data        63985                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1383                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data        65028                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           60                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1042                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data        67275                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           58                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1014                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data        73388                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          178                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           57                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                275039                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      8008999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    177636000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   7991980482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      5838500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    167437500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   8121956471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      7345999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    123969000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   8409871471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      7056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    121615000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   9183248976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       248500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     22618500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6930000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34355761398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3013990                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2491500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2915995                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     11202495                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     19623980                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1641000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1639500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1437500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1634500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      6352500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     45100500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     49564500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     48220500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     43258000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       372500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     186516000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      8008999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    177636000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   8037080982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      5838500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    167437500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   8171520971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      7345999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    123969000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   8458091971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      7056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    121615000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   9226506976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       248500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     22618500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7302500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      34542277398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      8008999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    177636000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   8037080982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      5838500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    167437500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   8171520971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      7345999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    123969000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   8458091971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      7056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    121615000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   9226506976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       248500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     22618500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7302500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     34542277398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       365631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         3949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       163846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       375936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         4373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       168690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       385597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         3597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data       173019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       421455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         3480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data       188798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             2259106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        63368                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             63368                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        60384                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        62488                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        62088                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        52099                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           95                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           237154                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         6776                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         7087                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         6806                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         7858                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          28530                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          876                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          801                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          809                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          959                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3459                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       365631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         3949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data       164722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       375936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         4373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data       169491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       385597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         3597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data       173828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       421455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         3480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data       189757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2262565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       365631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         3949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data       164722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       375936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         4373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data       169491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       385597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         3597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data       173828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       421455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         3480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data       189757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2262565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.368448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.387785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.316259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.382595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.289686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.386091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.291379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.386466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.343629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.346154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.120934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.998973                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.998784                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.998985                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.998157                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.947368                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.998727                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.995868                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.995908                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.995151                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.996819                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.995899                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.511416                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.609238                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.585909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.442127                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.214286                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.531078                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.368448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.388442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.316259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.383666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.289686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.387021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.291379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.386747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.343629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.335294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.121561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.368448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.388442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.316259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.383666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.289686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.387021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.291379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.386747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.343629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.335294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.121561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 121348.469697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 122086.597938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 125784.668492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 121635.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 121068.329718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 125843.763108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 122433.316667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 118972.168906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 125894.394859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 121655.172414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 119935.897436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 125859.999123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 127070.224719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 128333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125752.232407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    49.965021                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    39.920208                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    47.013220                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   215.420168                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    82.853343                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   243.183165                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   232.289600                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   212.239776                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   208.668454                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   223.577236                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 100670.758929                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 101566.598361                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 101731.012658                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 102023.584906                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 124166.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101532.934132                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 121348.469697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 122086.597938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 125608.829913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 121635.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 121068.329718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 125661.576106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 122433.316667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 118972.168906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 125724.146726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 121655.172414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 119935.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 125722.283970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 127070.224719                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 128114.035088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125590.470435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 121348.469697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 122086.597938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 125608.829913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 121635.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 121068.329718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 125661.576106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 122433.316667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 118972.168906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 125724.146726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 121655.172414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 119935.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 125722.283970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 127070.224719                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 128114.035088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125590.470435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                10342                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     10342                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data          203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst          437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data          178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               2205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data          203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst          437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data          178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                2205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          366                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          157                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data          106                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst          401                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data          203                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst          437                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data          178                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               2205                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        63380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        64434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        66598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        72786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           270997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        60322                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        62412                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        62025                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        52003                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        236852                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         6748                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         7058                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         6773                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         7833                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        28413                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          448                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          488                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          474                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          424                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1837                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        63828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        64922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        67072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        73210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           57                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            272834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        63828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        64922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        67072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        73210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           57                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           272834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      3997999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    125958000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   7278475982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      2643000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    129910000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   7402707971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      3313499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     74189500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   7655706471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      4790500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     66785000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   8363292976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       226500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     20660500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6336000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31138993898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3295304094                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3409415652                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   3388005001                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   2838441873                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4939500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12936106120                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    368475961                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    385257946                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    369725463                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    427674934                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1551188804                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     40172500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     44196500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     43006500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     38594000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       339500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    166309000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      3997999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    125958000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   7318648482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      2643000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    129910000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   7446904471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      3313499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     74189500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   7698712971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      4790500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     66785000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   8401886976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       226500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     20660500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6675500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31305302898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      3997999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    125958000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   7318648482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      2643000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    129910000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   7446904471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      3313499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     74189500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   7698712971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      4790500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     66785000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   8401886976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       226500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     20660500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6675500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31305302898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       597500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       583000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       531000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       172000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2499500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       280000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       276000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       220000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       200000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       112000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1088000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       877500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       892000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       803000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       731000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       284000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3587500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.275766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.386827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.258175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.381967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.178204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.384917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.165805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.385523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.343629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.346154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.119958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.998973                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.998784                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.998985                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.998157                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998727                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.995868                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.995908                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.995151                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.996819                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995899                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.511416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.609238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.585909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.442127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.214286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.531078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.275766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.387489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.258175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.383041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.178204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.385853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.165805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.385809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.343629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.335294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.120586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.275766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.387489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.258175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.383041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.178204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.385853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.165805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.385809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.343629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.335294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.120586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 114228.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 115663.911846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 114838.686999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 114913.043478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 115066.430469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 114888.226263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 114258.586207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 115740.249610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 114953.999685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 114059.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 115745.233969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 114902.494656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 116070.224719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 117333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114905.308538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54628.561619                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54627.566045                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54623.216461                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54582.271657                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54883.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54616.832959                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54605.210581                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54584.577217                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54588.138639                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54599.123452                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54594.333720                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 89670.758929                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 90566.598361                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 90731.012658                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 91023.584906                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 113166.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90532.934132                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 114228.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 115663.911846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 114662.036755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 114913.043478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 115066.430469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 114705.407581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 114258.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 115740.249610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 114782.815049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 114059.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 115745.233969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 114764.198552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 116070.224719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 117114.035088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114741.208566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 114228.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 115663.911846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 114662.036755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 114913.043478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 115066.430469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 114705.407581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 114258.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 115740.249610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 114782.815049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 114059.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 115745.233969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 114764.198552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 116070.224719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 117114.035088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114741.208566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                       1755                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.l2.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss              44                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples        68050                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        68050    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total         68050                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2577                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2577    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2577                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples          9681                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     179927197.603553                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    65253542.293949                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07          121      1.25%      1.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08         2503     25.85%     27.10% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08         3197     33.02%     60.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08         3209     33.15%     93.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08          555      5.73%     99.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08           46      0.48%     99.48% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08           15      0.15%     99.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            9      0.09%     99.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08           10      0.10%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            5      0.05%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            6      0.06%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            5      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total            9681                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        179924423.851285      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                  17420800                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples         9681                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    6811858.279103                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   17579300.605539                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         7778     80.34%     80.34% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1553     16.04%     96.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     96.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          204      2.11%     98.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           62      0.64%     99.13% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.13% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           33      0.34%     99.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           27      0.28%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           13      0.13%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            7      0.07%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            2      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total           9681                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       6813596.477072      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                 659712                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples           68050                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       96064.956650                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      95685.243983                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      10440.105749                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           64      0.09%      0.09% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.09% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           32      0.05%      0.14% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        66015     97.01%     97.15% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          466      0.68%     97.84% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          354      0.52%     98.36% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          302      0.44%     98.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          327      0.48%     99.28% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          292      0.43%     99.71% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           22      0.03%     99.74% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            6      0.01%     99.75% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          160      0.24%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            4      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            5      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total             68050                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples               68050                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           1423263.394563                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          1260392.942736                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               1      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               2      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               1      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             68043     99.99%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          31202000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                 68050                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              2577                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         37551373.690338                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        49429382.911151                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2577    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          150000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value       459660000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                2577                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                 70627                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             1371091.254053                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            1220187.356081                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 2      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows               70620     99.99%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            14190000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                   70627                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples         9681                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.068071                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.251882                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0             9022     93.19%     93.19% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              659      6.81%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total         9681                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples         9681                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0            9681    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total         9681                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples              9681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             7.028303                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            2.545703                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-1                    20      0.21%      0.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2-3                   506      5.23%      5.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4-5                  2090     21.59%     27.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6-7                  3205     33.11%     60.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-9                  2567     26.52%     86.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10-11                 983     10.15%     96.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12-13                 217      2.24%     99.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14-15                  42      0.43%     99.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-17                  11      0.11%     99.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18-19                   7      0.07%     99.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::20-21                  14      0.14%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::22-23                   3      0.03%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-25                   4      0.04%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::26-27                   1      0.01%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::28-29                   1      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::30-31                   5      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-33                   5      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                9681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples             9681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.266088                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.686691                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                   7778     80.34%     80.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   1553     16.04%     96.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    204      2.11%     98.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                     62      0.64%     99.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                     33      0.34%     99.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                     27      0.28%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                     13      0.13%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      7      0.07%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      2      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total               9681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples        67851                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        67851    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total         67851                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2582                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.901239                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.450797                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     5.018363                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.04%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.04% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2581     99.96%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2582                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples          9681                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     179403615.328995                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    66237585.327883                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07          168      1.74%      1.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08         2518     26.01%     27.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08         3191     32.96%     60.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08         3123     32.26%     92.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08          602      6.22%     99.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08           26      0.27%     99.45% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08           14      0.14%     99.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08           16      0.17%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            6      0.06%     99.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            6      0.06%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            1      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            5      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            5      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total            9681                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        179398267.196672      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                  17369856                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples         9681                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    6822435.698791                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   17118562.996547                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         7762     80.18%     80.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1538     15.89%     96.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     96.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          248      2.56%     98.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           58      0.60%     99.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           34      0.35%     99.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           25      0.26%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.83% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            9      0.09%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            2      0.02%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            3      0.03%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total           9681                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       6824182.818368      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                 660737                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples           67851                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       96059.100087                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      95690.034181                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      10282.038778                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           57      0.08%      0.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           35      0.05%      0.14% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        65802     96.98%     97.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          474      0.70%     97.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          401      0.59%     98.41% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          261      0.38%     98.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          348      0.51%     99.30% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          292      0.43%     99.73% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           12      0.02%     99.75% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            6      0.01%     99.76% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          155      0.23%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            5      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total             67851                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples               67851                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           1427095.075975                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          1265530.623328                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             67850    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value             65000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          26031000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                 67851                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              2582                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         37504119.287374                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        50765569.755055                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2582    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          154000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value       498145000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                2582                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                 70433                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             1374861.726747                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            1228944.953230                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows               70432    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value               65000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            18902000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                   70433                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples         9681                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.069414                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.254170                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0             9009     93.06%     93.06% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              672      6.94%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total         9681                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples         9681                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0            9681    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total         9681                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples              9681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             7.007954                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            2.594184                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-1                    28      0.29%      0.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2-3                   550      5.68%      5.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4-5                  2126     21.96%     27.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6-7                  3178     32.83%     60.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-9                  2456     25.37%     86.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10-11                1012     10.45%     96.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12-13                 250      2.58%     99.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14-15                  25      0.26%     99.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-17                  12      0.12%     99.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18-19                  11      0.11%     99.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::20-21                  13      0.13%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::22-23                   3      0.03%     99.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-25                   2      0.02%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::26-27                   4      0.04%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::28-29                   2      0.02%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::30-31                   4      0.04%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-33                   4      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::34-35                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                9681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples             9681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.266501                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.668694                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                   7762     80.18%     80.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   1538     15.89%     96.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    248      2.56%     98.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                     58      0.60%     99.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                     34      0.35%     99.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                     25      0.26%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                      9      0.09%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      2      0.02%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      3      0.03%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total               9681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples        68081                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        68081    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total         68081                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2626                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2626    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2626                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples          9681                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     180009172.606136                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    65170040.131418                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07          135      1.39%      1.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08         2507     25.90%     27.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08         3255     33.62%     60.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08         3106     32.08%     93.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08          590      6.09%     99.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08           32      0.33%     99.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08           23      0.24%     99.66% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08           10      0.10%     99.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            6      0.06%     99.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            7      0.07%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            1      0.01%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            4      0.04%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            5      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total            9681                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        180006387.953260      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                  17428736                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples         9681                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    6941431.670282                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   17324572.287176                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         7705     79.59%     79.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1623     16.76%     96.35% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     96.35% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          214      2.21%     98.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           65      0.67%     99.24% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.24% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           34      0.35%     99.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           16      0.17%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           13      0.13%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            7      0.07%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total           9681                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       6943152.638258      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                 672256                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples           68081                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       96026.258427                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      95649.971933                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      10257.244730                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           84      0.12%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           28      0.04%      0.16% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        66024     96.98%     97.14% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          465      0.68%     97.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          382      0.56%     98.39% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          294      0.43%     98.82% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          304      0.45%     99.27% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          316      0.46%     99.73% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           28      0.04%     99.77% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            5      0.01%     99.78% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          149      0.22%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total             68081                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples               68081                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           1422166.125644                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          1255638.863959                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               3      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               1      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               1      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               1      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             68074     99.99%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value             11000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          14104000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                 68081                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              2626                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         36841642.421935                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        48957683.905742                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2626    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          150000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value       356053000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                2626                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                 70707                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             1369348.041919                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            1218227.819149                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 4      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 3      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows               70697     99.99%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value               11000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            14104000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                   70707                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples         9681                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.069414                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.254170                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0             9009     93.06%     93.06% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              672      6.94%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total         9681                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples         9681                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0            9681    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total         9681                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples              9681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             7.031608                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            2.540912                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-1                    26      0.27%      0.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2-3                   473      4.89%      5.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-5                  2142     22.13%     27.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6-7                  3252     33.59%     60.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-9                  2409     24.88%     85.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10-11                1088     11.24%     96.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-13                 201      2.08%     99.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14-15                  35      0.36%     99.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-17                  15      0.15%     99.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18-19                  11      0.11%     99.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-21                   9      0.09%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::22-23                   4      0.04%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-25                   4      0.04%     99.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::26-27                   3      0.03%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-29                   1      0.01%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::30-31                   3      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-33                   5      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                9681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples             9681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.271150                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.676741                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                   7705     79.59%     79.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   1623     16.76%     96.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    214      2.21%     98.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                     65      0.67%     99.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                     34      0.35%     99.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                     16      0.17%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                     13      0.13%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      7      0.07%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      1      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total               9681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples        68041                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        68041    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total         68041                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2558                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2558    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2558                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples          9681                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     179900754.054333                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    65561252.418225                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07          130      1.34%      1.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08         2526     26.09%     27.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08         3219     33.25%     60.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08         3135     32.38%     93.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08          580      5.99%     99.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08           29      0.30%     99.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08           26      0.27%     99.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08           12      0.12%     99.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            6      0.06%     99.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            7      0.07%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            1      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            5      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            4      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total            9681                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        179900627.821680      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                  17418496                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples         9681                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    6758971.180663                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   17187107.962029                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         7786     80.43%     80.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1527     15.77%     96.20% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     96.20% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          226      2.33%     98.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           67      0.69%     99.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           32      0.33%     99.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           24      0.25%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.80% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           12      0.12%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            3      0.03%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            3      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total           9681                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       6763360.414571      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                 654848                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples           68041                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       95982.417954                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      95622.824687                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      10035.291471                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           77      0.11%      0.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           31      0.05%      0.16% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        66029     97.04%     97.20% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          458      0.67%     97.87% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          372      0.55%     98.42% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          318      0.47%     98.89% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          296      0.44%     99.32% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          294      0.43%     99.76% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           19      0.03%     99.78% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            4      0.01%     99.79% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          134      0.20%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            8      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total             68041                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples               68041                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           1423200.820094                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          1258846.075522                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             68039    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value             67000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          14472000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                 68041                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              2558                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         37773640.734949                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        50142412.921674                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2558    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          150000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value       393031000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                2558                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                 70599                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             1371443.122424                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            1222223.416539                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows               70597    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value               67000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            12517000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                   70599                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples         9681                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.066212                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.248665                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0             9040     93.38%     93.38% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              641      6.62%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total         9681                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples         9681                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0            9681    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total         9681                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples              9681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             7.027373                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            2.560099                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-1                    25      0.26%      0.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2-3                   494      5.10%      5.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4-5                  2122     21.92%     27.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6-7                  3241     33.48%     60.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-9                  2484     25.66%     86.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10-11                 994     10.27%     96.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12-13                 232      2.40%     99.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14-15                  28      0.29%     99.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-17                  14      0.14%     99.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18-19                  16      0.17%     99.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::20-21                  10      0.10%     99.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::22-23                   5      0.05%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-25                   2      0.02%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::26-27                   3      0.03%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::28-29                   1      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::30-31                   5      0.05%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-33                   4      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::34-35                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                9681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples             9681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.264022                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.671371                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                   7786     80.43%     80.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   1527     15.77%     96.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    226      2.33%     98.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                     67      0.69%     99.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                     32      0.33%     99.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                     24      0.25%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                     12      0.12%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      3      0.03%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      3      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total               9681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       309871                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271       309871    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total         309871                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        10343                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.975346                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.862788                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      2.507361                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        10342     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         10343                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples           9681                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      719240739.593017                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean     684357693.465774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     234308663.542747                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-2.68435e+08           69      0.71%      0.71% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08         1712     17.68%     18.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08         4792     49.50%     67.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09         2638     27.25%     95.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09          398      4.11%     99.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09           18      0.19%     99.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09           18      0.19%     99.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09           15      0.15%     99.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            6      0.06%     99.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            3      0.03%     99.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            3      0.03%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            3      0.03%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            6      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total             9681                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         719229706.822897      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                   69637888                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          9681                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     27334696.828840                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    51989645.221543                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07         8845     91.36%     91.36% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08          593      6.13%     97.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08           61      0.63%     98.12% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08           60      0.62%     98.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08           58      0.60%     99.34% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08           19      0.20%     99.54% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08           24      0.25%     99.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08           12      0.12%     99.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            6      0.06%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total            9681                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        27344292.348270      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                 2647553                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples           272023                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        104912.722454                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       104549.703038                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       10471.513580                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151          277      0.10%      0.10% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            5      0.00%      0.10% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          123      0.05%      0.15% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            5      0.00%      0.15% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687       262940     96.66%     96.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         3543      1.30%     98.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         1239      0.46%     98.57% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839         1212      0.45%     99.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223         1304      0.48%     99.49% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607          635      0.23%     99.73% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991          102      0.04%     99.77% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           11      0.00%     99.77% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759          592      0.22%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143           21      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527           13      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total             272023                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20000.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-1023                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples               309871                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            312461.719554                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           456705.921948                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                23      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                  2727      0.88%      0.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000              2722      0.88%      1.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000             2426      0.78%      2.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000             3577      1.15%      3.70% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000             2548      0.82%      4.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000             2727      0.88%      5.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000             2361      0.76%      6.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000             2963      0.96%      7.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000             2336      0.75%      7.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000             2351      0.76%      8.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000             2268      0.73%      9.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000             2201      0.71%     10.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000             2714      0.88%     10.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000             2274      0.73%     11.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000             2797      0.90%     12.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000             2274      0.73%     13.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000             2774      0.90%     14.22% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000             2381      0.77%     14.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000             2794      0.90%     15.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            2380      0.77%     16.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows             258253     83.34%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                  0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value            8478500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                 309871                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              10343                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          9361198.346708                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         13122260.801155                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             55      0.53%      0.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             13      0.13%      0.66% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             19      0.18%      0.84% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000              9      0.09%      0.93% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             12      0.12%      1.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             10      0.10%      1.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000              9      0.09%      1.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             11      0.11%      1.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             15      0.15%      1.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             12      0.12%      1.60% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             15      0.15%      1.74% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000              7      0.07%      1.81% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              9      0.09%      1.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             13      0.13%      2.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             11      0.11%      2.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000              8      0.08%      2.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000             9      0.09%      2.29% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            10106     97.71%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value        182885000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                10343                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                 320214                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              302369.273361                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             451464.647231                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                  23      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                    2815      0.88%      0.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                2807      0.88%      1.76% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000               2533      0.79%      2.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000               4032      1.26%      3.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000               2754      0.86%      4.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000               2911      0.91%      5.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000               2545      0.79%      6.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000               3420      1.07%      7.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000               2766      0.86%      8.31% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000               2551      0.80%      9.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000               2498      0.78%      9.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000               2524      0.79%     10.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000               2890      0.90%     11.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000               2891      0.90%     12.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000               5808      1.81%     14.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000               2407      0.75%     15.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000               2860      0.89%     15.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000               2573      0.80%     16.74% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000               2908      0.91%     17.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000              2640      0.82%     18.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows               261058     81.53%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                    0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value              8478500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                   320214                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         9681                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.298213                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.513662                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0              7047     72.79%     72.79% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1              2389     24.68%     97.47% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2               240      2.48%     99.95% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 2      0.02%     99.97% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 3      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total          9681                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         9681                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0             9681    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total         9681                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples               9681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean             32.004545                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean            30.642530                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             9.499249                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-7                     11      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-15                   231      2.39%      2.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-23                 1432     14.79%     17.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-31                 3007     31.06%     48.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-39                 3230     33.36%     81.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::40-47                 1442     14.90%     96.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-55                  244      2.52%     99.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::56-63                   29      0.30%     99.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-71                   14      0.14%     99.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::72-79                   11      0.11%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::80-87                   10      0.10%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::88-95                    5      0.05%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-103                   2      0.02%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::104-111                  2      0.02%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::112-119                  3      0.03%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::120-127                  5      0.05%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-135                  3      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::136-143                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::144-151                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::152-159                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                 9681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples              9681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             1.067762                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            2.030846                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-1                  7640     78.92%     78.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2-3                  1630     16.84%     95.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-5                   168      1.74%     97.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6-7                    61      0.63%     98.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-9                    39      0.40%     98.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10-11                  42      0.43%     98.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-13                  37      0.38%     99.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14-15                  19      0.20%     99.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-17                  19      0.20%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18-19                  11      0.11%     99.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-21                   9      0.09%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::22-23                   3      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-25                   2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-29                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                9681                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    14022373                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                    183046                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    1659329                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                       64                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                14205419                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                1659393                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         15681702                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                         183110                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     15864812                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    53149275                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         5                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                53149280                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         53149275                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     53149280                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       192346829                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   50866283                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     51293515                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             40294474                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     162124                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      7533232                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    40294474                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           53969196                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          27924785                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           195942358                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           33656071                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     15694600                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   14023214                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   1671386                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2556351.011532                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              189790477.988468                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.986710                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.013290                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          9520591                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 35611844     69.41%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     469      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                14023214     27.33%     96.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                1671386      3.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  51306915                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      20                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             3949                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           53277203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3949                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         13491.315016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        106302499                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       106302499                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     53145326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       53145326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     53145326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        53145326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     53145326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       53145326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         3949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         3949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          3949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         3949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         3949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    221357357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    221357357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    221357357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    221357357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    221357357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    221357357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     53149275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     53149275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     53149275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     53149275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     53149275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     53149275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 56054.028108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56054.028108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 56054.028108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56054.028108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 56054.028108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56054.028108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         3949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         3949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         3949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    213078643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    213078643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    213078643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    213078643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    213078643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    213078643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 53957.620410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53957.620410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 53957.620410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53957.620410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 53957.620410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53957.620410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               268                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           174408                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          253.661689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           20986711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           174408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           120.331126                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   253.661689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.990866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.886719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         31720411                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        31720411                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     13648355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13648355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      1550918                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1550918                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          205                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          205                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        31369                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        31369                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        11204                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        11204                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data     15199273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15199273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     15199478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15199478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       335157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       335157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        84696                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        84696                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           82                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           82                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         7177                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7177                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        12426                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        12426                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data       419853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        419853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data       419935                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       419935                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  15019096795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15019096795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   4398993022                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4398993022                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    328893579                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    328893579                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    487045494                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    487045494                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      7389500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      7389500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  19418089817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19418089817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  19418089817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19418089817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     13983512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13983512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      1635614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1635614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          287                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        38546                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        38546                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        23630                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        23630                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     15619126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15619126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     15619413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15619413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.023968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.051782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.051782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.186193                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.186193                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.525857                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.525857                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.026881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.026885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 44812.123259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44812.123259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 51938.616015                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51938.616015                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 45826.052529                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45826.052529                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 39195.677933                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39195.677933                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 46249.734590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46249.734590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 46240.703483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46240.703483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14757                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            14757                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           64                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       335157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       335157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        84694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        84694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           82                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         7113                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         7113                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        12417                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        12417                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       419851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       419851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       419933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       419933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  14309158547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14309158547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   4228202444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4228202444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      6256500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6256500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    307649421                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    307649421                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    465439506                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    465439506                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4155500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4155500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  18537360991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18537360991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  18543617491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18543617491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       938988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       938988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       443000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       443000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1381988                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1381988                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.023968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.051781                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051781                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.184533                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.184533                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.525476                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.525476                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.026881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.026885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 42693.897329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42693.897329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 49923.281980                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49923.281980                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 76298.780488                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76298.780488                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 43251.711092                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43251.711092                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 37484.054603                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37484.054603                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 44152.237320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44152.237320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 44158.514551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44158.514551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry             11220                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    13958860                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                    188188                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1692859                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       56                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                    12                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                14147048                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                1692915                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         15651719                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                         188244                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     15839963                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    52864205                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                52864205                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         52864205                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     52864205                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       192387647                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   50516582                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     50941427                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             40100929                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     162008                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      7432184                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    40100929                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           53909023                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          27860044                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           194696304                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           33271696                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     15665321                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   13959882                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1705439                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2499014.590122                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              189888632.409878                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.987011                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.012989                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          9394391                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 35289767     69.26%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     462      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                32      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                13959882     27.40%     96.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1705439      3.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  50955583                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      32                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             4373                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           52971011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4373                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         12113.197119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        105732783                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       105732783                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     52859832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       52859832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     52859832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        52859832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     52859832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       52859832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         4373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         4373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          4373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         4373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         4373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    217751509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    217751509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    217751509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    217751509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    217751509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    217751509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     52864205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     52864205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     52864205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     52864205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     52864205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     52864205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 49794.536702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49794.536702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 49794.536702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49794.536702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 49794.536702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49794.536702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         4373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         4373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         4373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    208734491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    208734491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    208734491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    208734491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    208734491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    208734491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 47732.561399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47732.561399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 47732.561399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47732.561399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 47732.561399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47732.561399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               259                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           178928                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          253.886604                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           18611835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           178928                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           104.018572                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   253.886604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.991745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.894531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         31661040                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        31661040                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     13584243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13584243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      1581655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1581655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          264                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          264                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        31024                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        31024                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        11252                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        11252                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data     15165898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        15165898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data     15166162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       15166162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       336341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       336341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        87161                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        87161                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           74                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           74                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         6884                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6884                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        12703                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        12703                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data       423502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        423502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data       423576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       423576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  15060525014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15060525014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   4550497104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4550497104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    315061755                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    315061755                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    509223990                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    509223990                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      7198000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      7198000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  19611022118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19611022118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  19611022118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19611022118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     13920584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13920584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      1668816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1668816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          338                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          338                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        37908                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        37908                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        23955                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        23955                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     15589400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15589400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     15589738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15589738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.024161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.052229                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.052229                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.218935                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.218935                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.181598                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.181598                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.530286                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.530286                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.027166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.027170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 44777.547233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44777.547233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 52207.949702                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52207.949702                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 45767.250872                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45767.250872                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 40086.907817                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40086.907817                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 46306.799302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46306.799302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 46298.709365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46298.709365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15369                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            15369                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           64                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       336341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       336341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        87161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        87161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           74                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           74                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         6820                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         6820                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        12692                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        12692                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       423502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       423502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       423576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       423576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  14349012388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14349012388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   4375095870                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4375095870                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      4971500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4971500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    294687243                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    294687243                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    486746010                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    486746010                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      4282000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4282000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  18724108258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18724108258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  18729079758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18729079758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       985494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       985494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       435500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       435500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1420994                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1420994                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.024161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.052229                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052229                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.218935                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218935                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.179909                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179909                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.529827                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.529827                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.027166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.027170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 42662.097062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42662.097062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 50195.567628                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50195.567628                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 67182.432432                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67182.432432                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 43209.273167                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43209.273167                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 38350.615348                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38350.615348                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 44212.561589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44212.561589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 44216.574494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44216.574494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry             11383                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    14095516                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                    194122                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    1739512                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       60                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     6                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                14289638                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                1739572                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                         15835028                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                         194182                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                     16029210                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                    53389544                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                        12                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                53389556                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                         53389544                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                             12                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                     53389556                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                       193645729                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   50968316                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     51408021                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             40507529                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     165502                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      7478857                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    40507529                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           54571049                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          28173044                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           196503541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           33516303                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     15848296                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   14096155                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   1752141                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                303.013967                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              193645425.986033                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.999998                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000002                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          9454035                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 35572940     69.18%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     452      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                14096155     27.41%     96.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                1752141      3.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  51421694                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             3596                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           53334695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3596                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         14831.672692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        106782684                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       106782684                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst     53385947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       53385947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst     53385947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        53385947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst     53385947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       53385947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst         3597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst         3597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          3597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst         3597                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         3597                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    166929341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    166929341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    166929341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    166929341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    166929341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    166929341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     53389544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     53389544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     53389544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     53389544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     53389544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     53389544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 46407.934668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46407.934668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 46407.934668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46407.934668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 46407.934668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46407.934668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         3597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         3597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         3597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    159323659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    159323659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    159323659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    159323659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    159323659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    159323659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 44293.483180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44293.483180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 44293.483180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44293.483180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 44293.483180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44293.483180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry               240                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           183380                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          253.925824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           10922057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           183380                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            59.559696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   253.925824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.991898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         32037710                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        32037710                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data     13710315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13710315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      1627481                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1627481                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          114                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          114                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        32787                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        32787                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        12178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data     15337796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        15337796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data     15337910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       15337910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data       344446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       344446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        87001                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        87001                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           69                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           69                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         7757                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7757                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        12765                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        12765                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data       431447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        431447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data       431516                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       431516                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  15536586849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15536586849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   4527521776                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4527521776                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    354442166                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    354442166                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    489783496                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    489783496                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      7941000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      7941000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  20064108625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20064108625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  20064108625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20064108625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data     14054761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14054761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      1714482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1714482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          183                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          183                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        40544                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        40544                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        24943                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        24943                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data     15769243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15769243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data     15769426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15769426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.024507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.050745                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050745                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.377049                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.377049                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.191323                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.191323                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.511767                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.511767                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.027360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.027364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 45106.016180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45106.016180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 52039.882024                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52039.882024                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 45693.201753                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45693.201753                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 38369.251547                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38369.251547                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 46504.225606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46504.225606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 46496.789516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46496.789516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            15928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           63                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       344446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       344446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        87001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        87001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           69                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         7694                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         7694                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        12749                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        12749                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       431447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       431447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       431516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       431516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  14808954529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14808954529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   4352190204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4352190204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3557000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3557000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    333202832                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    333202832                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    467679504                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    467679504                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      4543000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4543000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  19161144733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19161144733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  19164701733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19164701733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       930986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       930986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       351000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       351000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data      1281986                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1281986                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.024507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.050745                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050745                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.377049                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377049                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.189769                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189769                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.511125                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.511125                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.027360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.027364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 42993.544791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42993.544791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 50024.599763                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50024.599763                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 51550.724638                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51550.724638                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 43306.840655                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43306.840655                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 36683.622559                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36683.622559                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 44411.352340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44411.352340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 44412.493935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44412.493935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry             11246                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                    14311279                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                    212294                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    1831410                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       55                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     6                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                14523573                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                1831465                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                         16142689                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                         212349                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                     16355038                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                    54077474                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                        12                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                54077486                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                         54077474                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                             12                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                     54077486                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                       193317102                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   51466076                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     51891249                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             41053868                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     162922                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      7448687                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    41053868                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           55689998                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          28703264                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           198598950                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           33517357                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     16156539                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   14311921                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1844618                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              329159.429767                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              192987942.570233                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.998297                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.001703                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          9414935                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 35748505     68.87%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     442      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                14311921     27.57%     96.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1844618      3.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  51905494                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      12                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             3480                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           54087611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3480                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         15542.416954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        108158428                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       108158428                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst     54073994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       54073994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst     54073994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        54073994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst     54073994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       54073994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst         3480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst         3480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          3480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst         3480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         3480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    162811329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162811329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    162811329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    162811329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    162811329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    162811329                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     54077474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     54077474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     54077474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     54077474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     54077474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     54077474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 46784.864655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46784.864655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 46784.864655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46784.864655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 46784.864655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46784.864655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         3480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         3480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         3480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    155396671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155396671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    155396671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    155396671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    155396671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    155396671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 44654.215805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44654.215805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 44654.215805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44654.215805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 44654.215805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44654.215805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry               220                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           200255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          254.359060                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           11597272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           200255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            57.912522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   254.359060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.993590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         32630613                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        32630613                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data     13947926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13947926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      1730221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1730221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          120                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          120                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        31593                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        31593                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        11610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        11610                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data     15678147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        15678147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data     15678267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       15678267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data       324861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       324861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        76149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        76149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           61                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           61                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         6693                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6693                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        13349                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        13349                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data       401010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        401010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data       401071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       401071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  15122473940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15122473940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   3853710887                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3853710887                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    305605010                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    305605010                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    561320993                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total    561320993                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      4965500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      4965500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  18976184827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18976184827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  18976184827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18976184827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data     14272787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14272787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      1806370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1806370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          181                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        38286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        38286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        24959                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        24959                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data     16079157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16079157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data     16079338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16079338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.022761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.042156                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042156                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.337017                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.337017                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.174816                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.174816                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.534837                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.534837                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.024940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.024943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 46550.598379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46550.598379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 50607.504852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50607.504852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 45660.392948                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45660.392948                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 42049.666117                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42049.666117                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 47320.976602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47320.976602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 47313.779423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47313.779423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17229                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            17229                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       324861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       324861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        76149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        76149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           61                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           61                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         6635                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         6635                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        13331                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        13331                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       401010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       401010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       401071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       401071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  14437823422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14437823422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   3700344097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3700344097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3047002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3047002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    287566986                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287566986                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    536658007                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    536658007                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2959500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2959500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  18138167519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18138167519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  18141214521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18141214521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       834988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       834988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       334500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       334500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data      1169488                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1169488                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.022761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.042156                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042156                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.337017                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337017                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.173301                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173301                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.534116                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.534116                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.024940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.024943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 44443.080031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44443.080031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 48593.469343                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48593.469343                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 49950.852459                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49950.852459                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 43340.917257                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43340.917257                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 40256.395394                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40256.395394                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 45231.209992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45231.209992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 45231.927816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45231.927816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry             10446                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                          65                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                         63                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                      65                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                     63                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                              128                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                          128                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                         287                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                     287                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                              287                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                          287                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                        60037620                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                        281                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                          371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                  342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                         32                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts           25                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                         342                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes               248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads                1343                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes                 87                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                          134                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                         68                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                        66                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              60037346.236086                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                273.763914                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.000005                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.999995                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                               58                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                      245     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                      68     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                     66     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                       379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses              574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses             574                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total             287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total            287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          177.269513                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   177.269513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.692459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.692459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.691406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses             259                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           59                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             59                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total             119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data          121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total            121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         8000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         8000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        12000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total        12000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        12000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total        12000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.032787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.024590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.024194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total         4000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total         4000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         2000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         6000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         6000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.024590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.024194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         2000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         2000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         2000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         2000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                          65                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                         63                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                      65                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                     63                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                              128                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                          128                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                         287                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                     287                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                              287                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                          287                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                        60037864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                        281                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                          371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                  342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                         32                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts           25                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                         342                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes               248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads                1343                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes                 87                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                          134                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                         68                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                        66                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              60037582.173942                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                281.826058                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.000005                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.999995                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                               58                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                      245     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                      68     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                     66     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                       379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses              574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses             574                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total             287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total            287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          194.333463                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   194.333463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.759115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.759115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.757812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses             259                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           58                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             58                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total             118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data          120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total            120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        22000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        22000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        43500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total        43500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        43500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total        43500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.032258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  7333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        16000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        16000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        35500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        35500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        35500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        35500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  5333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                          65                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                         63                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                      65                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                     63                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                              128                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                          128                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                         287                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                     287                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                              287                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                          287                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                        60037936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                        281                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                          371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                  342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                         32                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts           25                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                         342                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes               248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads                1343                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes                 87                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                          134                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                         68                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                        66                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              60037654.173604                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                281.826396                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.000005                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.999995                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                               58                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                      245     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                      68     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                     66     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                       379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses              574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses             574                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total             287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total            287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          171.276676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   171.276676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.669050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.669050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.667969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses             259                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           58                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             58                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total             118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data          120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total            120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        22000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        22000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        43500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total        43500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        43500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total        43500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  7333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        16000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        16000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        35500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        35500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        35500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        35500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  5333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        5223                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         3                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       4627                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    5226                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   4627                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             9850                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         9853                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       23292                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   23292                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            23292                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        23292                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                       193645773                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      22874                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        27665                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                25542                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       1648                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         2517                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       25542                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              45978                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             17823                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads              101570                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               9314                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                        10600                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       5404                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      5196                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              193455499.863403                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              190273.136597                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000983                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999017                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             4275                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    17826     62.49%     62.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      91      0.32%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                10      0.04%     62.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    5404     18.94%     81.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   5196     18.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     28527                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              518                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              36310                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            70.096525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            47102                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           47102                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        22774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          22774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        22774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           22774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        22774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          22774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     29055491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     29055491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     29055491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     29055491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     29055491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     29055491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        23292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        23292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        23292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        23292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        23292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 56091.681467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56091.681467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 56091.681467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56091.681467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 56091.681467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56091.681467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     28012509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28012509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     28012509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28012509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     28012509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28012509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 54078.202703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54078.202703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 54078.202703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54078.202703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 54078.202703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54078.202703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                56                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.icache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              179                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          211.549057                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               6486                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              179                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            36.234637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   211.549057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.826364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.826364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.835938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            19953                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           19953                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         4763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           4763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         4369                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          4369                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           96                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           96                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         9132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            9132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         9210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           9210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          134                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          387                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          387                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      9339499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9339499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      7115999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7115999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       686000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       686000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       462000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       462000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     16455498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     16455498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     16455498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     16455498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         4998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         4503                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         4503                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           96                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          121                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          121                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          119                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         9501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         9501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         9597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         9597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.047019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.029758                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029758                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.187500                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.187500                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.190083                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.190083                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.193277                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.193277                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.038838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.040325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 39742.548936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39742.548936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 53104.470149                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53104.470149                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 29826.086957                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29826.086957                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 20086.956522                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20086.956522                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 44594.845528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44594.845528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 42520.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42520.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           85                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               85                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           23                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      8868501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8868501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6847001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6847001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       506000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       506000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       171000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       171000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       416000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       416000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     15715502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15715502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     16221502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16221502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       268000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       268000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       169500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       169500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       437500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       437500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.047019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.029758                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029758                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.187500                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.187500                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.057851                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057851                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.193277                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.193277                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.038838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.040325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 37738.302128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37738.302128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 51097.022388                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51097.022388                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 28111.111111                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28111.111111                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24428.571429                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24428.571429                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18086.956522                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18086.956522                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 42589.436314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42589.436314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 41916.025840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41916.025840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                49                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.unaccounted_oskernel_rwmiss            0                       # oskernel rwmisses unaccounted b/c virt/phys addr differences
sim_ticks.offload_task 96822875000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -671141721.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       844161091.200000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -452754336.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       569473752.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -3361212441.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       4445966553.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -663822812.160000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       698139648.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -674167235543.040649
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       726977738342.400757
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -208628349396.479889
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       225593070886.079834
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -9309541415040.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       10038253384464.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.096823
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       1145456500.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       378952910.492423
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       161983368.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       256.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       37788401.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       56396780.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       6978978.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       203840974.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       218186966.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       112679704.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       256.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       654300.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       161983368.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       256.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       213504680.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       29.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       213504651.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       15917.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       56236825.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       6829968.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       64099260.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       777888.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       1341048.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       335144.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       5035898
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       272023.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       10342.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       286079.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       1900643.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       69026.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       270997.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
