sim_seconds                                  0.087757                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 87756600000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4466070448500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               12390097                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 12869302                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              365248644                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2603676                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   240.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2976911037                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3092047423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE  80045602098                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF   7710951600                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0 7624833638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1 7624833638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2 7624833638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3 7624833638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0  84784950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1  84784950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2  84784950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3  84784950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0   118674113577.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1   118674113577.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2   118674113577.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3   118674113577.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::0     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::1     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::2     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::3     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      6401096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_read::total      6401096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_written::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data        12424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        12424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      1600274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_reads::total      1600274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_writes::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data         3106                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.num_writes::total         3106                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     72941477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_read::total       72941477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_write::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data       141573                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_write::total        141573                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     73083050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bw_total::total      73083050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readReqs              1600274                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeReqs                3106                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readBursts            1600274                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeBursts              3106                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM        51172064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ            36704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWritten            58080                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadSys          6401096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys         12424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ            1147                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts           1297                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0       164306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1       159671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2       246613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3       216530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4       172032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5       166879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6       147927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7       325169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0          236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1          237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2          197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3          241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4          246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5          223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6          209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7          226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totGap           105524025500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::2        1600274                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::2          3106                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0          1599127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15              33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16              36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17              97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18             108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19             108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20             109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21             108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22             108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23             108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24             111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25             115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26             113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27             109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28             109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29             109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30             109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31             109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32             109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       669114                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    76.564149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    68.420177                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    40.679715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63       109674     16.39%     16.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::64-95       377753     56.46%     72.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::96-127        71486     10.68%     83.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-159        73231     10.94%     94.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::160-191        12569      1.88%     96.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::192-223        15522      2.32%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255         2816      0.42%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287         3995      0.60%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::288-319          464      0.07%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::320-351         1321      0.20%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::352-383           85      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-415          171      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::416-447           21      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::448-479            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::480-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       669114                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          109                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean 14671.532110                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 13530.868397                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  6068.834080                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      0.92%      0.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            2      1.83%      2.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      0.92%      3.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            2      1.83%      5.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      0.92%      6.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            3      2.75%      9.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            4      3.67%     12.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3      2.75%     15.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            6      5.50%     21.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            6      5.50%     26.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            4      3.67%     30.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            2      1.83%     32.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            3      2.75%     34.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            6      5.50%     40.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            7      6.42%     46.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            2      1.83%     48.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            3      2.75%     51.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            6      5.50%     56.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            5      4.59%     61.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            3      2.75%     64.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            3      2.75%     66.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            3      2.75%     69.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16384-16895            2      1.83%     71.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16896-17407            2      1.83%     73.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::17408-17919            2      1.83%     75.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::17920-18431            2      1.83%     77.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18432-18943            2      1.83%     78.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18944-19455            1      0.92%     79.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::19456-19967            1      0.92%     80.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::19968-20479            1      0.92%     81.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20480-20991            2      1.83%     83.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20992-21503            3      2.75%     86.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22015            1      0.92%     87.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::22016-22527            2      1.83%     88.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23039            2      1.83%     90.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::23040-23551            1      0.92%     91.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24063            1      0.92%     92.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24064-24575            1      0.92%     93.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25087            1      0.92%     94.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27135            1      0.92%     95.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::29184-29695            1      0.92%     96.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::30208-30719            1      0.92%     97.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::31232-31743            1      0.92%     98.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32255            1      0.92%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32256-32767            1      0.92%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          109                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          109                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.651376                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.626014                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.936662                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           72     66.06%     66.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17            4      3.67%     69.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           32     29.36%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            1      0.92%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          109                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totQLat           19652388730                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totMemAccLat      46757591380                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totBusLat          5117206400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgQLat              12289.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat         29239.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBW                583.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBW                  0.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys              72.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys               0.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtil                  5.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilRead              5.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilWrite             0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrQLen               25.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHits            931610                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHits              218                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          58.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate         12.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgGap               65813.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.pageHitRate             58.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5355296581                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF   7710951600                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT  74690305517                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::0     563240563.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::1        663229728                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::2        531552672                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::3     757418860.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::0        379963872                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::1        447416880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::2        358587120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::3     510957168.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::0    910133452.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::1    1159948108.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::2       845649792                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::3    1331608012.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0   123149859.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1   123122903.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2   123197137.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3   123129953.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0  24989696496                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1 27326077813.439999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2 23260739627.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3 28499229031.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0  69552614832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1 67503157536.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2  71069243664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3  66474077520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0   122783128343.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1   123487282236.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2   122453299280.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3   123960749813.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::0     80.536939                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::1     80.998813                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::2     80.320594                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::3     81.309374                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys6.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total              2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::writebacks         3328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total           3328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total                  8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::writebacks           13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu1.data         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu3.data         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         5834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         5834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total                23337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2917                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2917                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::total            5834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::writebacks          37923                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total               37923                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::writebacks          37923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu1.data         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu3.data         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         5834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         5834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total               61260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                          8                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                        13                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                       64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                     104                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                  2048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                   3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                   2048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                3328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           16                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                  87758914000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                   64                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                 104                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples           26                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   196.923077                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   166.722445                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    82.801412                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     11.54%     11.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::64-95            1      3.85%     15.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::96-127            1      3.85%     19.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      7.69%     26.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::160-191            1      3.85%     30.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      3.85%     34.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     11.54%     46.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287           14     53.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total           26                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean            20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.166010                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     25.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     25.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::48               1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24               4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                     1865800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                2950600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                    204800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    29153.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               46103.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        0.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     27.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                      55                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                     79                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                85.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               75.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                 4178995904.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   79.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE   80042903156                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF     7710951600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT        2698942                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::0           2092003.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::1           2353276.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::2           2016403.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::3                2225664                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                1411272                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::1           1587528.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                1360272                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::3                1501440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::0          8026636.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::1          8977113.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::2               7577856                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::3          8480908.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0         3603087.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1         4011586.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2         3407754.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3         3695984.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0       7647854123.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1       7651026296.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2       7648886252.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3       7650156248.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0        84764757264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1        84761974656                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2       84763851888.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3        84762737856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0         118692073654.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1         118694259724.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2         118691429692.800018                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3         118693127369.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::0           77.853500                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::1           77.854934                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::2           77.853077                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::3           77.854191                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total              1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks         3072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total           3072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                  7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks           12                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                12                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         8751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         5834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total                20420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         5834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2917                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total            8751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks          35006                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               35006                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks          35006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         8751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         5834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total               55426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          7                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                        12                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                       56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                      96                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                  1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                   3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                   1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                3072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  87772049000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                   56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                  96                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples           25                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   194.560000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   159.405402                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    88.082386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     16.00%     16.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::96-127            2      8.00%     24.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-159            1      4.00%     28.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::160-191            1      4.00%     32.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     12.00%     44.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287           14     56.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total           25                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean            16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    13.454343                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.313708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8                2     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     25.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                     1800700                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                2749900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                    179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    32155.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               49105.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     29.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                      48                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                     79                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                85.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               82.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 4619581526.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   83.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   80041842629                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     7710951600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT        3759469                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0           2121638.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1           2065996.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::2           2359324.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::3           2301868.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                1431264                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1           1393728.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::2           1591608.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::3           1552848.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0          8127974.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1               7934784                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::2          8884262.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::3          8709542.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0         3732894.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1         3503554.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2         3964723.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3         3828695.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0       7647584025.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1       7647519893.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2       7652195991.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3       7650928128.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        84764994192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1       84765050448.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2       84760948608.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3       84762060768.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         118692321256.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         118691797672.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2         118694273784.960022                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3         118693711118.400024                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0           77.853662                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1           77.853319                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::2           77.854943                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::3           77.854574                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total              2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::total          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::writebacks         4864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total           4864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total                 11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::writebacks           19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu1.data         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu3.data         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu4.data        11669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         5834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         5834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total                32089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2917                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         5834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::total            8751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::writebacks          55426                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total               55426                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::writebacks          55426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu1.data         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu3.data         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu4.data        11669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         5834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         5834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total               87515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                         11                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                        19                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                       88                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                     152                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                  2816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                   4608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                   2816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                4864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            8                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7               33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                  87749654000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                   88                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                 152                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples           36                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   207.111111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.098984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    88.047318                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63            7     19.44%     19.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255            6     16.67%     36.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287           23     63.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total           36                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean            12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.027239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0                2     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     16.67%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     16.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::24               2     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24               6    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                     2388104                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                3879704                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                    281600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    27137.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               44087.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        0.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     0.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     31.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                      77                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                    120                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               78.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                 2924988466.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   82.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE   80040210458                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF     7710951600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT        4939162                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::0           2048457.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::1           2268604.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::2                2186352                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::3           2140387.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                1381896                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::1           1530408.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                1474920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                1443912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::0          7961740.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::1          8685081.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::2               8261760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::3               8089536                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0         3559956.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1         3868508.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2         3719208.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3         3557053.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0       7647147414.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1       7650719262.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2       7650042923.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3       7650171460.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0        84765377184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1        84762243984                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2        84762837264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3        84762724512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0         118691805916.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1         118693645116.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2         118692851695.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3         118692456128.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::0           77.853324                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::1           77.854531                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::2           77.854010                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::3           77.853751                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      6204384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::total      6204384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data        12420                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        12420                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      1551096                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::total      1551096                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data         3105                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::total         3105                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     70699913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::total       70699913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data       141528                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::total        141528                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     70841441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::total      70841441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readReqs              1551096                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeReqs                3105                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readBursts            1551096                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeBursts              3105                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM        49596928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ            38144                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWritten            56576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadSys          6204384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys         12420                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ            1192                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts           1332                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0       147116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1       172637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2       226788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3       148064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4       249126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5       140270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6       144466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7       321437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0          222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1          226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2          230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3          224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4          231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5          213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6          224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7          198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totGap           105515891500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::2        1551096                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::2          3105                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0          1549904                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16              29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17              92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18             107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19             107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20             107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21             108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22             108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23             108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24             113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25             112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26             112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27             109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28             108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29             107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30             107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31             107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32             107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33               2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       616788                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    80.503356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.068873                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    44.448603                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63        99285     16.10%     16.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-95       320598     51.98%     68.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::96-127        77288     12.53%     80.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-159        75251     12.20%     92.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::160-191        13315      2.16%     94.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-223        17504      2.84%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255         3821      0.62%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287         8524      1.38%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::288-319          499      0.08%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::320-351          554      0.09%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::352-383           50      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-415           86      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::416-447           10      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::448-479            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       616788                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          107                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean 14414.803738                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 13327.752750                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  5440.838005                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      0.93%      0.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      0.93%      1.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      0.93%      2.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      0.93%      3.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            2      1.87%      5.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            4      3.74%      9.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      0.93%     10.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      0.93%     11.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      0.93%     12.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.93%     13.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3      2.80%     15.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            3      2.80%     18.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            3      2.80%     21.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            3      2.80%     24.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      0.93%     25.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775           10      9.35%     34.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            6      5.61%     40.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            3      2.80%     42.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            4      3.74%     46.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            6      5.61%     52.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      0.93%     53.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            3      2.80%     56.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            3      2.80%     58.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            5      4.67%     63.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            2      1.87%     65.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16384-16895            2      1.87%     67.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16896-17407            2      1.87%     69.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::17408-17919            3      2.80%     71.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::17920-18431            6      5.61%     77.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18432-18943            2      1.87%     79.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18944-19455            4      3.74%     83.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::19456-19967            2      1.87%     85.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::19968-20479            1      0.93%     85.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20480-20991            4      3.74%     89.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20992-21503            1      0.93%     90.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::22016-22527            1      0.93%     91.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23039            1      0.93%     92.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::23040-23551            5      4.67%     97.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::23552-24063            1      0.93%     98.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::29696-30207            1      0.93%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::31232-31743            1      0.93%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          107                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          107                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean    16.523364                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.498599                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.935120                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           78     72.90%     72.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            6      5.61%     78.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           21     19.63%     98.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20            2      1.87%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          107                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totQLat           18447016361                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totMemAccLat      44717889161                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totBusLat          4959692800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgQLat              11902.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat         28852.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBW                565.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBW                  0.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys              70.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys               0.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtil                  5.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilRead              5.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilWrite             0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrQLen               25.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHits            934654                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHits              230                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHitRate          60.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate         12.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgGap               67890.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.pageHitRate             60.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7700668018                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF   7710951600                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT  72344934080                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::0     538137129.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::1     602715254.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::2     587053958.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::3     655803993.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::0        363029016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::1        406593624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::2        396028464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::3        442407456                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::0    861952665.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::1    990836620.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::2    974627097.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::3    1404707865.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0   123110046.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1   123269713.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2   123103825.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3   123183866.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0 24485168848.320004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1 26226443790.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2  25101901224                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3 28915230006.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0  69995182944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1 68467748784.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2  69454189632                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3 66109164384.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0   122630909917.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1   123081937055.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2   122901233469.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3   123914826840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::0     80.437094                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::1     80.732936                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::2     80.614407                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::3     81.279252                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total              2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks         3840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           3840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                  9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks           15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         5834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         5834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         8751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total                26254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         5834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         8751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total           14586                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks          43757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               43757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks          43757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         5834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         5834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         8751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total               70012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          9                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                        15                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                       72                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                     120                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                  2304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                   3584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                   2304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                3840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           19                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  87762644000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                   72                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                 120                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples           30                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   196.266667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   162.039675                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    87.225010                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     13.33%     13.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-95            2      6.67%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::96-127            1      3.33%     23.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::160-191            2      6.67%     30.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-223            2      6.67%     36.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1      3.33%     40.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287           18     60.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total           30                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.600000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.430724                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0                2     40.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     20.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     22.400000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.267209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.607681                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18               1     20.00%     20.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1     20.00%     40.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               3     60.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                     2414700                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                3635100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                    230400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    33537.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               50487.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     31.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                      62                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                     92                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                86.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               76.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 3656776833.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   80.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   80041950689                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     7710951600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT        3651409                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0           2396822.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1           2030918.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::2           2602454.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::3           2338761.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0                1616904                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1                1370064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::2                1755624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::3                1577736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0          9138355.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1          7774540.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::2          9940569.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::3          8937177.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0         4114022.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1         3503554.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2         4356633.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3         3858554.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0       7651525671.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1       7647206840.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2       7654311740.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3       7651207255.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0       84761536608.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        84765325056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2       84759092688.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3        84761815920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         118694657650.560013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         118691540241.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2         118696388976.960022                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3         118694064672.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0           77.855195                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1           77.853150                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::2           77.856330                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::3           77.854806                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE  80045602098                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF   7710951600                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0 7624833638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1 7624833638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2 7624833638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3 7624833638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0  84784950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1  84784950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2  84784950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3  84784950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0   118674113577.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1   118674113577.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2   118674113577.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3   118674113577.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::0     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::1     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::2     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::3     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total              2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks         2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total           2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total                  9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks           10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu4.data        11669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        11669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total                26254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        11669                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total           11669                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks          29172                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               29172                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks          29172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu4.data        11669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        11669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total               55426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          9                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                        10                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                       72                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                      80                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                  2304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                   3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                   2304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                2560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            8                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5               39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  87760129000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                   72                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                  80                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples           25                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   215.040000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   179.666396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    82.375401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     16.00%     16.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     16.00%     32.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287           17     68.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total           25                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean            18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    17.738846                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     25.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     25.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24               4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                     1796400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                3016800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                    230400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     33.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                      63                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                     80                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate              100.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 4618954157.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   94.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   80042690041                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     7710951600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT        2912057                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0           2191190.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1           2073254.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::2           2108332.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::3           2171836.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                1478184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                1398624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::2           1422288.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::3           1465128.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0          8435980.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1          7922803.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::2          8056588.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::3          8149939.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0         3775610.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1         3583180.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2         3550003.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3         3666539.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0         7649865576                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1       7647596611.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2       7648759465.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3       7649993620.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        84762992832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        84764983152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2        84763963104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3        84762880512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         118693068641.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         118691886892.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2         118692189049.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3         118692656843.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0           77.854152                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1           77.853377                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::2           77.853575                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::3           77.853882                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE  80045602098                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF   7710951600                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0 7624833638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1 7624833638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2 7624833638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3 7624833638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0  84784950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1  84784950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2  84784950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3  84784950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0   118674113577.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1   118674113577.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2   118674113577.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3   118674113577.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::0     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::1     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::2     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::3     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys4.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys3.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys5.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total               768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::writebacks         2816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total           2816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total                  3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::writebacks           11                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total                11                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu0.data         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total                 8751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2917                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::total            2917                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::writebacks          32089                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total               32089                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::writebacks          32089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu0.data         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total               40840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                          3                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                        11                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                       24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                      88                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                   768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                   3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                    768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                2816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           28                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                  87746697000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                   24                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                  88                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   202.105263                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.659691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    91.168888                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     21.05%     21.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     21.05%     42.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287           11     57.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean             4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     4.618802                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0                2     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8                2     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24               4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                      598800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                1005600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                     76800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        0.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     31.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                      21                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                     80                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               90.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                 6267621214.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   90.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE   80043399120                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF     7710951600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT        2202978                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::0           2116195.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::1                2307312                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::2           2175465.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::3                2144016                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                1427592                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::1                1556520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                1467576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                1446360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::0          8112499.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::1          8952652.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::2          8359603.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::3          8157427.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0         3692666.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1         3825377.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2         3646218.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3         3563688.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0       7648327068.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1       7650660438.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2       7649207020.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3       7649934960.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0        84764342400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1        84762295584                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2        84763570512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3       84762931968.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0         118692347688.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1         118693927152                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2         118692755663.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3         118692507688.320023                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::0           77.853679                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::1           77.854716                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::2           77.853947                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::3           77.853784                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys7.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE  80045602098                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF   7710951600                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0 7624833638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1 7624833638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2 7624833638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3 7624833638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0  84784950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1  84784950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2  84784950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3  84784950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0   118674113577.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1   118674113577.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2   118674113577.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3   118674113577.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::0     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::1     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::2     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::3     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE  80045602098                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF   7710951600                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0 7624833638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1 7624833638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2 7624833638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3 7624833638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0  84784950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1  84784950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2  84784950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3  84784950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0   118674113577.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1   118674113577.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2   118674113577.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3   118674113577.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::0     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::1     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::2     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::3     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys1.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst    112032196                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     42199759                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       479279                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       479571                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       476500                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       479355                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data       479344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data       468852                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    157094856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst    112032196                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    112032196                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      9860948                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        21223                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        21223                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data        21140                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data        21183                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data        21413                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data        20876                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_written::total      9988006                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst     28008049                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data     11162182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       479279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       479571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       476500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       479355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       479344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       468852                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::total     42033132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      2799125                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data        10678                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data        10675                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data        10646                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data        10671                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data        10778                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data        10508                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_writes::total      2863081                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   1276624163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    480872766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      5461458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      5464786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      5429791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      5462324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      5462199                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      5342641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::total   1790120128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   1276624163                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   1276624163                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    112367024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       241839                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       241839                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       240894                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       241384                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       244004                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       237885                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_write::total    113814870                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   1276624163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data    593239791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      5703298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      5706625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      5670685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      5703708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      5706203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      5580526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::total   1903934997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total              2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::writebacks         3840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total           3840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total                 11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::writebacks           15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                15                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu1.data         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu3.data         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu4.data        17503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total                32089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2917                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2917                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::total            5834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::writebacks          43757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total               43757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::writebacks          43757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu1.data         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu3.data         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu4.data        17503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total               75846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                         11                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                        15                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                       88                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                     120                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                  2816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                   3840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                   2816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                3840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           20                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4               31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                  87764478000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                   88                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                 120                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples           31                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   214.709677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   179.154099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    82.289810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63            5     16.13%     16.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255            5     16.13%     32.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287           21     67.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total           31                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean     22.400000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    18.817264                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.388307                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16               2     40.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::48               1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24               5    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                     3189736                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                4681336                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                    281600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    36247.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               53197.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        0.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     27.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                      77                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                    100                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                 3375556846.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   85.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE   80043397455                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF     7710951600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT        2204643                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::0           2093817.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::1           2349043.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::2           2038780.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::3                2271024                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                1412496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                1584672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::2           1375368.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                1532040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::0               7914816                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::1          8939174.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::2               7737600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::3          8605708.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0         3676078.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1         3935278.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2         3480330.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3         3861872.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0       7647937516.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1       7652234021.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2       7648487343.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3       7650342570.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0        84764684112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1       84760915248.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2       84764201808.000015                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3        84762574416                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0         118692048103.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1         118694286704.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2         118691650497.600021                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3         118693516898.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::0           77.853483                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::1           77.854951                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::2           77.853222                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::3           77.854446                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE  80045602098                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF   7710951600                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3 26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0 7624833638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1 7624833638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2 7624833638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3 7624833638.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0  84784950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1  84784950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2  84784950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3  84784950672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0   118674113577.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1   118674113577.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2   118674113577.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3   118674113577.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::0     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::1     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::2     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::3     77.841719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys0.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    121212380                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     44380052                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       419622                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       423465                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data       420349                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data       422179                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data       416833                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data       424903                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::total    168119783                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    121212380                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total    121212380                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     10402081                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data        21024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data        21032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data        21164                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data        21112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data        20859                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data        21422                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::total     10528695                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst     30303095                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     11909360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data       419622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data       423465                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data       420349                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data       422179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data       416833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data       424903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::total     44739806                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      3035449                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data        10569                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data        10580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data        10658                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data        10624                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data        10494                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data        10790                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::total      3099165                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   1381233776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    505717541                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      4781657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      4825449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      4789942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      4810795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data      4749876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data      4841835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::total   1915750872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   1381233776                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   1381233776                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    118533318                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       239572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       239663                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       241167                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       240574                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data       237692                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data       244107                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data           11                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::total    119976104                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   1381233776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    624250860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      5021229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      5065112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      5031109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      5051369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data      4987568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data      5085942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           11                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::total   2035726977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total              2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::total         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks         4608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total           4608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total                 11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks           18                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total                18                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu4.data         8751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        14586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total                32089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         2917                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2917                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        14586                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::total           20420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks          52509                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total               52509                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks          52509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu4.data         8751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         2917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        14586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total               84598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                         11                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                        18                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                       88                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                     144                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                  2816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                   4608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                   2816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                4608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           31                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  87775820000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                   88                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                 144                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples           35                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   212.114286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.179411                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    83.980310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63            6     17.14%     17.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255            6     17.14%     34.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287           23     65.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total           35                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean            12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    14.966630                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0                2     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8                2     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     16.67%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24               6    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                     2670336                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                4161936                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                    281600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    30344.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               47294.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     29.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                      77                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                    120                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 3026752413.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   84.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   80041859113                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     7710951600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT        3742985                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0           2188166.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1           2127081.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::2           2105308.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::3           2259532.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0                1476144                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                1434936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::2           1420248.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::3           1524288.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0          8406028.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1          8068070.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::2          7959244.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::3               8568768                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0         3841966.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1         3583180.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2         3603087.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3         3795932.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3       26264329267.200001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0       7648755307.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1       7648545948.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2       7648404935.040001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3       7651320526.080001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        84763966752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        84764150400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2        84764274096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3        84761716560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         118692963631.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         118692238884.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2         118692096187.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3         118693514874.240005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0           77.854084                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1           77.853608                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::2           77.853515                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::3           77.854445                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys2.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             5390433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            5390433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             127731                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            127731                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               113                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1733                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1607                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             134                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                30                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               22                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave     11039581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     11039967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               11039967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          772                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      5690516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      5691288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5691288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2695216500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   5391161500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    127731000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     63865500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1864500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       866999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       803500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        67000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        15499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       363000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         7143                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       287390                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         6434                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp        12558                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        29500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       179996                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback         4500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         5500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp         5500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                         13585                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                       299952                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                   5517924                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                        13554                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                 28000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                  5517924                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                      299926                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime               168500                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime               39500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime             185996                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                             3214                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3530                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    3530    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3530                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              126000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                 193                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          2824764000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded             5518240                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         5455457000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded            5518320                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq            5390299                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp           5390299                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq            127672                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp           127672                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback              113                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             111                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            23                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            134                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq               22                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp              22                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave      1297424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave      1461560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total      2759098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           27                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave      1293850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave      1465102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total      2759088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           25                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave      1297838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave      1461102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total      2759082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port           25                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave      1293022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave      1465950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total      2759099                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total              11036367                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         2816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       664396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       746638                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total      1420762                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         3072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       663008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       748436                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total      1423988                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         2560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         2816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         2560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       664504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       746229                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total      1424045                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave       662057                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys1.s2p.slave       748656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total      1421721                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total                5690516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   6441958396                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  13208808516                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    271658200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    183902500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1062200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       154200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        32200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       189266                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        30800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       216162                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       132053                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           23                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         4125                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     30067600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        34500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       890200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp         1900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                       136181                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                          24                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                  5517924                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                      136178                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime             30957800                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                 5517924                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                         23                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime               34500                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime           30960000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime             36400                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy             180200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded                 43                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy             128200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                 23                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy             227600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded                 60                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy             117400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded                 27                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy             184400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded                 46                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy             205200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded                 38                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy             155800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded                 37                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy             146400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded                 42                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy         3156787599                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded            2591067                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy         3556763197                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded            2926857                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy        3347939499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded           1379538                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy        3348284965                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded           1379528                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy        3348365211                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded           1379522                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy        3348526769                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded           1379539                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq      5390299                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp      5390299                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq       127672                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp       127672                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback          113                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          111                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           23                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          134                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq           22                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp           22                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      2759098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      2759088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      2759082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      2759099                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total     11036367                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      1420762                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      1423988                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      1424045                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      1421721                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      5690516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   4312239200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   4851414800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    114904800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    102137600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       452000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        88800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        18400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       107200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        17600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        88000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        16997                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp          664                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      7505394                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       264800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp          400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                 17663                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess            5517924                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess           5517924                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                17660                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime       7769694                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime      7771494                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy   1106909300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded      1379560                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy   1106952900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded      1379560                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy   1106958900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded      1379560                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy   1106899700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded      1379560                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   4953747600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded      5518127                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5404710                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5404708                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            127731                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           127731                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             1776                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1756                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1618                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           3374                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              259                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             259                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1842831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1851012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           62                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1838739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1848130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1837459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           90                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1832577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           92                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              11066490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       333056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1140696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       288768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1125639                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       264960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1110785                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       284416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1122901                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       294144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1138513                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       255744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1116397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       147200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        70437                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                8694540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2702545618                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   5716110609                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    127733994                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     63869489                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     57720499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       878998                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       809000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        84995                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       134988                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      3997999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         9548                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          289                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         6434                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           78                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          101                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           66                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           42                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     58747497                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      4323491                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      4113500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      2216998                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       831000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1655500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        49500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      1029999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        82500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        16319                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                         299                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                  5517924                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                       14623                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime             37862499                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                 5517924                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime           68594494                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime           4455491                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                            7434                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            19733                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                 19733    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              19733                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2889830597                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            5537850                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          42293973                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              1301                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         945498948                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            921828                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy             16000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded                16                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          36667480                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded              1128                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         950214940                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            925973                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy             31499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded                31                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy         33643486                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded             1035                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy        944029455                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded           919870                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy            30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded               30                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy         36114976                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded             1111                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy        949202941                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded           924547                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy            30998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded               30                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy         37348488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded             1149                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy        945271464                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded           919182                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.occupancy             9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                9                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.occupancy            46499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded               46                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy         32472489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded              999                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy        941610448                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded           916772                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.occupancy             9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                9                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy            47499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded               47                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         18693986                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              575                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          9666995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              379                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                7                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_access              30303095                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_access              16499010                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access           1554201                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numCycles               175513201                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedInsts           29468223                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedOps             29468831                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     25721638                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_func_calls                608                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2794636                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_insts            25721638                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_reads     48860576                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_writes     19888144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    128787861                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     17244814                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_mem_refs             16499010                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_load_insts           13460456                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_store_insts           3038554                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_busy_cycles         175513201                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.Branches                  3747801                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         12969821     44.01%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     44.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemRead        13460456     45.68%     89.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        3038554     10.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::total          29468831                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples      1551096                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4      1551096    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total      1551096                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3105                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4         3105    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3105                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 70705858.217461                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 18326035.427149                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          191      2.18%      2.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           28      0.32%      2.50% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           39      0.44%      2.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           39      0.44%      3.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07           58      0.66%      4.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07           62      0.71%      4.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          116      1.32%      6.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          121      1.38%      7.45% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07           96      1.09%      8.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07          103      1.17%      9.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07          125      1.42%     11.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07          124      1.41%     12.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          131      1.49%     14.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07          124      1.41%     15.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          132      1.50%     16.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07          142      1.62%     18.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          213      2.43%     21.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          513      5.85%     26.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07         4496     51.24%     78.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07         1921     21.89%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 70699913.168924      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalReadBytes           6204384                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 141554.593116                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 558387.257302                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.04858e+06         8316     94.78%     94.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-2.09715e+06          297      3.39%     98.17% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-3.14573e+06           79      0.90%     99.07% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-4.1943e+06           60      0.68%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-5.24288e+06           13      0.15%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-6.29146e+06            2      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-7.34003e+06            4      0.05%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-8.38861e+06            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-1.04858e+07            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.15343e+07            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.15343e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.36315e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.36315e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.57286e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.78258e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.78258e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-1.99229e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.99229e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 141527.816711      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalWrittenBytes          12420                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples      1551096                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36439.734871                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32453.570283                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23203.038989                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383         1192      0.08%      0.08% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       934651     60.26%     60.33% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       317167     20.45%     80.78% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535       218672     14.10%     94.88% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          360      0.02%     94.90% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          448      0.03%     94.93% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         9690      0.62%     95.56% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        59296      3.82%     99.38% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         9570      0.62%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           13      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           16      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           11      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::total      1551096                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples         3105                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607         3105    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total         3105                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::samples      1551096                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   68026.667273                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  14308079.731479                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          318      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000           20      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000           15      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       505785     32.61%     32.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000       123018      7.93%     40.56% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          573      0.04%     40.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       570554     36.78%     77.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000        31871      2.05%     79.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000          252      0.02%     79.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000       218596     14.09%     93.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000          210      0.01%     93.56% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          423      0.03%     93.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          343      0.02%     93.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          286      0.02%     93.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000          176      0.01%     93.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000          260      0.02%     93.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000          125      0.01%     93.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows        98271      6.34%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  17816878000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::total       1551096                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples         3105                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 33950548.309179                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 329045157.892515                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          905     29.15%     29.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            2      0.06%     29.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     29.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          563     18.13%     47.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     47.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     47.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     47.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          576     18.55%     65.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     65.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     65.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     65.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     65.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     65.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     65.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     65.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     65.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     65.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     65.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows         1059     34.11%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  18012307500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total         3105                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::samples       1554201                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     67890.762842                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    14293779.927535                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000         2130      0.14%      0.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000         1207      0.08%      0.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000           14      0.00%      0.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000         1199      0.08%      0.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       505785     32.54%     32.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000       123036      7.92%     40.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000           10      0.00%     40.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       569975     36.67%     77.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000        31871      2.05%     79.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000          421      0.03%     79.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000       218578     14.06%     93.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000          210      0.01%     93.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          533      0.03%     93.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000          192      0.01%     93.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          328      0.02%     93.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000          430      0.03%     93.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000          149      0.01%     93.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000          125      0.01%     93.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows        98007      6.31%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value         7000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  17816878000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::total         1554201                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.642352                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.479335                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         3138     35.76%     35.76% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         5636     64.24%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000228                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.015097                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         8772     99.98%     99.98% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            2      0.02%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::mean   176.764532                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    45.814241                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          209      2.38%      2.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::16-31           50      0.57%      2.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::32-47           63      0.72%      3.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::48-63          102      1.16%      4.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          182      2.07%      6.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          155      1.77%      8.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          173      1.97%     10.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          189      2.15%     12.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          203      2.31%     15.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          188      2.14%     17.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          262      2.99%     20.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          955     10.88%     31.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::192-207         6035     68.78%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            8      0.09%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.353886                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.395968                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::0-1         8155     92.95%     92.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::2-3          242      2.76%     95.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::4-5          216      2.46%     98.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::6-7           79      0.90%     99.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::8-9           40      0.46%     99.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::10-11           20      0.23%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::12-13           13      0.15%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::14-15            2      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::16-17            3      0.03%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::18-19            1      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::20-21            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::22-23            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::24-25            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::26-27            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::28-29            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::30-31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::32-33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::34-35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::36-37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::38-39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     46290902                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     46290902                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      3102270                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      3102270                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave      3108402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     29889618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total     32998020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     60606190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total     60606190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port      5182134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total      5182134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count::total      98786344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave      6216804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port     54782133                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total     60998937                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    121212380                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total    121212380                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port      2653965                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total      2653965                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size::total      184865282                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  23145451000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  49733915600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   3102270000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1865936200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     17924277                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     27352665                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       684781                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp      1518958                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1926014000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  12261959300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     30525000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    303802600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedReq             18609058                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedResp            28871623                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqSuccess          2591067                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqFail              287989                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime    150620000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespSuccess         2591067                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespFail              50644                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime     10402300                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1956539000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  12565761900                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    778653000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded      1554201                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  25469068000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         29.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     47838971                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  17297077000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         19.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     16499010                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  31271100600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         35.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     30303095                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy   3031674200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded      2591067                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_access              28008049                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_access              15564687                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access           1603380                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numCycles               175513199                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedInsts           27302030                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedOps             27302566                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses     24016555                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_func_calls                536                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2501256                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_insts            24016555                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_reads     45942911                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_writes     18712800                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_cc_register_reads    120195066                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_cc_register_writes     15786728                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_mem_refs             15564687                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_load_insts           12762456                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_store_insts           2802231                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_busy_cycles         175513199                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.Branches                  3286547                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         11737879     42.99%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemRead        12762456     46.74%     89.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemWrite        2802231     10.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::total          27302566                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples      1600274                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4      1600274    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total      1600274                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3106                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4         3106    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3106                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 72947754.729884                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 15521899.278310                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06          123      1.40%      1.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           18      0.21%      1.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           31      0.35%      1.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           37      0.42%      2.38% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07           37      0.42%      2.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07           42      0.48%      3.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           76      0.87%      4.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07           86      0.98%      5.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07           72      0.82%      5.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07           54      0.62%      6.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07           74      0.84%      7.41% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07           97      1.11%      8.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07          102      1.16%      9.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07           82      0.93%     10.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07          132      1.50%     12.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07           92      1.05%     13.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07          183      2.09%     15.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07          460      5.24%     20.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07         5465     62.29%     82.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07         1511     17.22%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 72941476.766420      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalReadBytes           6401096                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 141600.182357                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 544367.544419                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-524287         8133     92.69%     92.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-1.04858e+06          188      2.14%     94.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.57286e+06           83      0.95%     95.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+06-2.09715e+06          210      2.39%     98.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-2.62144e+06           72      0.82%     99.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.62144e+06-3.14573e+06           13      0.15%     99.15% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-3.67002e+06           36      0.41%     99.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.67002e+06-4.1943e+06           19      0.22%     99.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-4.71859e+06            3      0.03%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.71859e+06-5.24288e+06            7      0.08%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-5.76717e+06            4      0.05%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.76717e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-6.81574e+06            2      0.02%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.81574e+06-7.34003e+06            1      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-7.86432e+06            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.86432e+06-8.38861e+06            2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-8.9129e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.9129e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-9.96147e+06            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.96147e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 141573.397329      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalWrittenBytes          12424                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples      1600274                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 36832.218733                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 32824.021211                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 23237.157876                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383         1147      0.07%      0.07% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767       931607     58.22%     58.29% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151       351225     21.95%     80.23% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535       233729     14.61%     94.84% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919          382      0.02%     94.86% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          410      0.03%     94.89% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         9590      0.60%     95.49% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071        62647      3.91%     99.40% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         9498      0.59%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           14      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223           11      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::total      1600274                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples         3106                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607         3106    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total         3106                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::samples      1600274                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   65941.223503                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  14088129.679323                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          399      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            5      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            5      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000       524026     32.75%     32.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000       101878      6.37%     39.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          511      0.03%     39.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000       599912     37.49%     76.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000        36211      2.26%     78.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000          290      0.02%     78.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000       233794     14.61%     93.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000          193      0.01%     93.56% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          367      0.02%     93.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          354      0.02%     93.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          291      0.02%     93.62% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000          175      0.01%     93.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000          216      0.01%     93.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           96      0.01%     93.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows       101551      6.35%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        12500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value  17819922500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::total       1600274                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples         3106                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 33954179.330328                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 328706440.501760                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000          799     25.72%     25.72% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            1      0.03%     25.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%     25.76% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000          500     16.10%     41.85% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     41.85% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     41.85% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     41.85% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000          727     23.41%     65.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     65.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     65.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     65.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     65.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     65.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     65.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     65.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     65.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     65.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     65.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows         1079     34.74%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        11000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  17988412500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total         3106                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::samples       1603380                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     65813.484951                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    14074477.383288                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000         1998      0.12%      0.12% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000         1271      0.08%      0.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000           18      0.00%      0.21% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000         1419      0.09%      0.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000       524026     32.68%     32.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000       101886      6.35%     39.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000           11      0.00%     39.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000       599175     37.37%     76.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000        36211      2.26%     78.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000          449      0.03%     78.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000       233786     14.58%     93.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000          193      0.01%     93.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          453      0.03%     93.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000          212      0.01%     93.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          346      0.02%     93.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000          521      0.03%     93.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000          131      0.01%     93.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           96      0.01%     93.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows       101178      6.31%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        10500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value  17819922500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::total         1603380                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.667654                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.471081                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         2916     33.23%     33.23% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1         5858     66.77%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000114                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.010676                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         8773     99.99%     99.99% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            1      0.01%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::mean   182.369273                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    38.805908                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::0-15          131      1.49%      1.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::16-31           39      0.44%      1.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::32-47           61      0.70%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::48-63           61      0.70%      3.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::64-79          122      1.39%      4.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::80-95          109      1.24%      5.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          104      1.19%      7.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::112-127          139      1.58%      8.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::128-143          139      1.58%     10.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::144-159          170      1.94%     12.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::160-175          204      2.33%     14.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::176-191          978     11.15%     25.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::192-207         6513     74.23%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            4      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.354000                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     1.360919                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::0-1         8133     92.69%     92.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::2-3          271      3.09%     95.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::4-5          210      2.39%     98.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::6-7           85      0.97%     99.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::8-9           36      0.41%     99.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::10-11           22      0.25%     99.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::12-13            7      0.08%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::14-15            4      0.05%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::16-17            2      0.02%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::18-19            1      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::20-21            2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::22-23            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::24-25            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::26-27            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::28-29            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::30-31            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::32-33            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::34-35            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::36-37            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::38-39            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq     43633406                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp     43633406                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq      2866187                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp      2866187                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.Smon-slave      3206760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     27922614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::total     31129374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     56016098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::total     56016098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port      5853714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::total      5853714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count::total      92999186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.Smon-slave      6413520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port     52060707                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::total     58474227                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port    112032196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::total    112032196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port      2989959                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.s2p.master::total      2989959                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size::total      173496382                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  21816703000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  46960004400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   2866187000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   1692095900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     16845549                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     25209033                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq       713052                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp      1562981                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1851423500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  11142380100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     32503000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp    312612700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedReq             17558601                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedResp            26772014                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqSuccess          2926857                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqFail              320668                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime    167947000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespSuccess         2926857                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespFail              64989                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime     13342800                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime   1883926500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime  11454992800                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy    803243000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded      1603380                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy  23879647000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         27.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded     44896213                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy  16280661500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         18.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded     15564687                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy  28943379800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         33.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded     28008049                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy   3428059000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded      2926857                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         8774    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         8774    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         8774    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         8774    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::0            8774    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::0           8774    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         8774    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         8774    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         8774    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         8774    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::0            8774    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::0           8774    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         8774    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         8774    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         8774    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         8774    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::0            8774    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::0           8774    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         8774    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         8774    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         8774    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         8774    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::0            8774    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::0           8774    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         8774    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         8774    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         8774    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         8774    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::0            8774    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::0           8774    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         8774    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         8774    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         8774    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         8774    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::0            8774    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::0           8774    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::total         8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                       184                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8040.689882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       13638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       184                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     74.119565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4793.030441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data    65.989771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst           63                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data    36.025127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst    61.824874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data           32                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst            6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data           17                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst            9                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data    16.225479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst    23.083830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data    13.041166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   544.833774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data  2138.635420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.585087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.025879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.008055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.007690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.004398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.007547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.003906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.002075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.001099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.001981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.002818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.001592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.066508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.261064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.981530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023             9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8051                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7935                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001099                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.982788                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     98824                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    98824                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst         1128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst         1034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst         1111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           44                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst         1149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           45                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   10185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             1776                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  1776                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   24                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   100                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          1301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data           476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst          1128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data           433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst          1034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data           424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst          1111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data           433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           44                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst          1149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data           459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           45                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst           991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data           404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    10285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data          476                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst         1128                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data          433                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst         1034                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data          424                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst         1111                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data          433                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           44                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst         1149                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data          459                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           45                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          991                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data          404                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          557                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          164                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   10285                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                    47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                110                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  23                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                     70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst            8                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data            9                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                    70                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2148500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      1157500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       497500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      2457500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         6385000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1303500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       267000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       197000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       196500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       260000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       195000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2484500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       260500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       372500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       373000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1221000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       627000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       190000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       2907500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       372500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       373000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3369500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      1157500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1124500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      2457500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       190000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total          9292500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       372500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3369500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      1157500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1124500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      2457500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       190000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total         9292500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         1035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         1111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst         1149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               10232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1776                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              1776                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              134                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           23                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           23                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               123                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data          436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         1035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data          424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data          436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst         1149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data          484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                10355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data          477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data          436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         1035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data          424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         1111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data          436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst         1149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data          484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               10355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.034707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.008008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.010127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.031304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.004593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.914286                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.818182                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.928571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.764706                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.700000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.771429                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.820896                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.676471                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.066667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.130435                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.391304                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.277778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.186992                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.002096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.006881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.006881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.051653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.008008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.021792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.031304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.012048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.006760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.002096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.006881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.006881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.051653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.008008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.021792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.031304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.012048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.006760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 134281.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 144687.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 136527.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135851.063830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 40734.375000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 29666.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 15153.846154                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 15115.384615                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  9357.142857                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 28888.888889                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  7222.222222                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22586.363636                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data         8125                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        13000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        13000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 21833.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11326.086957                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 124166.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 124333.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 135666.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       125400                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        95000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126413.043478                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 124166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 124333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       134780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 144687.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 124944.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 136527.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        95000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       132750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 124166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 124333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       134780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 144687.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 124944.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 136527.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        95000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       132750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  113                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       113                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total               47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           110                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             23                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total                70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total               70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1972500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      1069500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       453500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      2259500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5868000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1736000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       494500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       706000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       706000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       379499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       488000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1465500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5975499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       432000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       108500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       270000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       271500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       162500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1244500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       113000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       339500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       340000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1122000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       572000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       168000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2654500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       339500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3094500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      1069500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1025500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      2259500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       168000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8522500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       339500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3094500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      1069500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1025500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      2259500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       168000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8522500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  26975702940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  27100036941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  26914260433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  27054798442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  26893993937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  26821078441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       120500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 161759991634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    638481999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    638674499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data    640157498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data    639881500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data    639176500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data    639932498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        90000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3836394494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  27614184939                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  27738711440                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  27554417931                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  27694679942                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  27533170437                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  27461010939                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       210500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 165596386128                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.034707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.008008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.010127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.031304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.914286                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.818182                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.700000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.771429                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.820896                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.676471                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.066667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.130435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.391304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.277778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.186992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.002096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.006881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.006881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.051653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.008008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.021792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.031304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.012048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.006760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.002096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.006881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.006881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.051653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.008008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.021792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.031304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.012048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.006760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 123281.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 133687.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 125527.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124851.063830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54944.444444                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54307.692308                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54307.692308                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54214.142857                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54222.222222                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54277.777778                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54322.718182                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        54300                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54166.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54108.695652                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       113000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 113166.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 113333.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 124666.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       114400                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        84000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115413.043478                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 113166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 113333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       123780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 133687.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 113944.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 125527.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        84000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       121750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 113166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 113333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       123780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 133687.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 113944.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 125527.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        84000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       121750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                      13585                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples      1347599                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.003028                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000066                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.878653                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15        1347583    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           16      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total       1347599                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31931                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.163509                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.584532                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     6.812668                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31909     99.93%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           22      0.07%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31931                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples          8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     15398187.827673                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1876126.848941                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           69      0.79%      0.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07         8698     99.13%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            1      0.01%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            2      0.02%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            2      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total            8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        15402590.802287      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                   1351679                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    784317.301117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   1624702.519418                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         8758     99.82%     99.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.82% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           12      0.14%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            3      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total           8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       787211.446205      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                  69083                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples         1347599                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       11360.870333                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      11358.778715                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev        356.836399                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::8192-16383      1347579    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           14      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total           1347599                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples          31909                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean      11441.226613                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11439.153247                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev       220.662074                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        31483     98.66%     98.66% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          425      1.33%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total            31909                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples             1347599                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           65137.248544                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          47434.975436                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                  150      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000             1047      0.08%      0.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000            3254      0.24%      0.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000            8949      0.66%      0.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000           15001      1.11%      2.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000           26115      1.94%      4.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000           37474      2.78%      6.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000           51573      3.83%     10.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000           69189      5.13%     15.79% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000           89143      6.61%     22.40% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000          108322      8.04%     30.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000          123405      9.16%     39.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000          133344      9.89%     49.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000          143507     10.65%     60.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000          144052     10.69%     70.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000          137209     10.18%     81.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000          113919      8.45%     89.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000           81285      6.03%     95.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000           26029      1.93%     97.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000           1541      0.11%     97.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             33091      2.46%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          30414000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total               1347599                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples             31931                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         2748319.814600                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        2516912.997856                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             1      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             8      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             2      0.01%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            15      0.05%      0.08% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            25      0.08%      0.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            20      0.06%      0.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            33      0.10%      0.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            32      0.10%      0.43% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            41      0.13%      0.55% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            42      0.13%      0.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            60      0.19%      0.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            52      0.16%      1.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            46      0.14%      1.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            41      0.13%      1.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            21      0.07%      1.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             3      0.01%      1.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          215      0.67%      2.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows           31274     97.94%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value           20000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value        32824000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total               31931                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples               1379530                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             63613.404565                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            36289.537751                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                    151      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000               1103      0.08%      0.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000              3407      0.25%      0.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000              9329      0.68%      1.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000             15819      1.15%      2.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000             27319      1.98%      4.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000             39319      2.85%      6.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000             54152      3.93%     10.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000             72625      5.26%     16.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000             93429      6.77%     22.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000            113455      8.22%     31.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000            129346      9.38%     40.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000            139958     10.15%     50.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000            150394     10.90%     61.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000            150941     10.94%     72.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000            143770     10.42%     82.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000            119610      8.67%     91.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000             85121      6.17%     97.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000             26741      1.94%     99.74% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000              217      0.02%     99.76% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows                3324      0.24%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            27936000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                 1379530                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.163437                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.370093                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0             7341     83.67%     83.67% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1             1432     16.32%     99.99% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                1      0.01%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.004901                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.069838                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0            8731     99.51%     99.51% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1              43      0.49%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples              8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean           153.575108                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev           10.261407                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-15                    5      0.06%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-31                  12      0.14%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-47                  14      0.16%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-63                  20      0.23%      0.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-79                  21      0.24%      0.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::80-95                   1      0.01%      0.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::96-111                  6      0.07%      0.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::112-127                 9      0.10%      1.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::128-143                18      0.21%      1.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::144-159              8662     98.72%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::160-175                 6      0.07%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::176-191                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::192-207                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::208-223                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::224-239                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples             8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            3.638591                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           1.661650                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                    142      1.62%      1.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                    676      7.70%      9.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                   1459     16.63%     25.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                   1957     22.30%     48.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                   1980     22.57%     70.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                   1367     15.58%     86.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                    785      8.95%     95.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                    299      3.41%     98.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                     83      0.95%     99.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                     22      0.25%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     4      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total               8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples      1347468                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.003217                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000070                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.905739                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15        1347451    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           17      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total       1347468                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        32057                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.251770                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.594166                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     8.144703                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         32025     99.90%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           32      0.10%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total        32057                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples          8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     15396728.971963                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1501213.313823                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06           23      0.26%      0.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           44      0.50%      0.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            8      0.09%      0.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07         8690     99.04%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            2      0.02%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            2      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            1      0.01%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            2      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total            8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        15404003.801423      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                   1351803                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    822543.879644                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   2003585.092392                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06         8749     99.72%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           21      0.24%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            1      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            3      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total           8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       822559.214919      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                  72185                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples         1347468                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       11360.767677                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      11358.449777                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev        439.624750                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383         1347447    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           13      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total           1347468                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples          32025                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean      11442.192037                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11440.105002                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev       221.445056                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        31588     98.64%     98.64% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          437      1.36%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total            32025                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples             1347468                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           65142.257182                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          43669.096691                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                  131      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000             1032      0.08%      0.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000            3181      0.24%      0.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000            8974      0.67%      0.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000           15583      1.16%      2.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000           24825      1.84%      3.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000           37317      2.77%      6.76% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000           50833      3.77%     10.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000           69238      5.14%     15.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000           89406      6.64%     22.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000          109490      8.13%     30.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000          125188      9.29%     39.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000          134032      9.95%     49.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000          142953     10.61%     60.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000          143506     10.65%     70.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000          136107     10.10%     81.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000          113076      8.39%     89.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000           81514      6.05%     95.47% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000           26360      1.96%     97.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000           1564      0.12%     97.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             33158      2.46%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          28343000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total               1347468                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples             32057                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         2737160.058646                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        2499090.513240                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              1      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             4      0.01%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             3      0.01%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            13      0.04%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            14      0.04%      0.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            20      0.06%      0.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            27      0.08%      0.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            26      0.08%      0.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            44      0.14%      0.47% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            35      0.11%      0.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            45      0.14%      0.72% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            61      0.19%      0.91% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            47      0.15%      1.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            54      0.17%      1.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            38      0.12%      1.35% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            24      0.07%      1.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             6      0.02%      1.44% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          235      0.73%      2.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows           31360     97.83%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value           10000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value        29686000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total               32057                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples               1379525                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             63617.836574                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            33253.095591                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                    134      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000               1084      0.08%      0.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000              3335      0.24%      0.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000              9399      0.68%      1.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000             16388      1.19%      2.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000             26034      1.89%      4.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000             39167      2.84%      6.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000             53397      3.87%     10.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000             72648      5.27%     16.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000             93663      6.79%     22.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000            114610      8.31%     31.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000            131199      9.51%     40.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000            140717     10.20%     50.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000            149828     10.86%     61.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000            150473     10.91%     72.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000            142689     10.34%     82.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000            118687      8.60%     91.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000             85445      6.19%     97.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000             27087      1.96%     99.74% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000              215      0.02%     99.76% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows                3326      0.24%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            19796000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                 1379525                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.166401                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.372461                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0             7314     83.36%     83.36% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1             1460     16.64%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.004103                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.063927                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0            8738     99.59%     99.59% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1              36      0.41%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples              8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean           153.560406                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev           10.284240                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-15                    5      0.06%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-31                  13      0.15%      0.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-47                  16      0.18%      0.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-63                  18      0.21%      0.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-79                  20      0.23%      0.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::80-95                   0      0.00%      0.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::96-111                  7      0.08%      0.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::112-127                 8      0.09%      0.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::128-143                19      0.22%      1.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::144-159              8663     98.73%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::160-175                 5      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::176-191                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::192-207                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::208-223                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::224-239                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples             8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            3.652610                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           1.664672                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                    149      1.70%      1.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                    655      7.47%      9.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                   1453     16.56%     25.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                   1960     22.34%     48.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                   1932     22.02%     70.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                   1421     16.20%     86.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                    791      9.02%     95.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                    303      3.45%     98.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                     85      0.97%     99.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                     23      0.26%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total               8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples      1347591                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.002649                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000058                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.821908                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15        1347577    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           14      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total       1347591                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31931                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.282547                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.582538                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     8.870108                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31893     99.88%     99.88% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.88% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           38      0.12%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31931                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples          8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     15395213.129701                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1930732.539124                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           68      0.78%      0.78% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07         8699     99.15%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            2      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            3      0.03%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total            8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        15396688.112347      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                   1351161                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    821825.849100                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   2128045.998835                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06         8746     99.68%     99.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           25      0.28%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total           8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       830524.427792      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                  72884                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples         1347591                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       11360.502556                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      11358.519746                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev        335.218412                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::8192-16383      1347576    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           12      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total           1347591                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples          31893                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean      11439.039915                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11437.017898                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev       217.882455                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        31496     98.76%     98.76% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          397      1.24%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total            31893                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples             1347591                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           65141.785601                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          50492.764025                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                  149      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000             1048      0.08%      0.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000            3248      0.24%      0.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000            8925      0.66%      0.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000           14971      1.11%      2.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000           26053      1.93%      4.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000           37444      2.78%      6.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000           51618      3.83%     10.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000           69347      5.15%     15.79% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000           89052      6.61%     22.40% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000          108259      8.03%     30.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000          123362      9.15%     39.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000          133452      9.90%     49.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000          143713     10.66%     60.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000          143921     10.68%     70.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000          137315     10.19%     81.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000          114051      8.46%     89.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000           81107      6.02%     95.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000           25990      1.93%     97.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000           1534      0.11%     97.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             33032      2.45%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          34985000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total               1347591                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples             31931                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         2748500.673327                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        2535842.565419                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             6      0.02%      0.02% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             7      0.02%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             5      0.02%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            13      0.04%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            19      0.06%      0.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            28      0.09%      0.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            44      0.14%      0.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            45      0.14%      0.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            32      0.10%      0.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            48      0.15%      0.77% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            66      0.21%      0.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            64      0.20%      1.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            60      0.19%      1.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            44      0.14%      1.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            35      0.11%      1.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             1      0.00%      1.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          248      0.78%      2.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows           31166     97.60%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value           17000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value        41178000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total               31931                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples               1379522                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             63617.959699                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            36587.267228                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                    152      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000               1096      0.08%      0.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000              3428      0.25%      0.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000              9331      0.68%      1.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000             15726      1.14%      2.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000             27312      1.98%      4.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000             39312      2.85%      6.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000             54192      3.93%     10.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000             72629      5.26%     16.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000             93419      6.77%     22.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000            113405      8.22%     31.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000            129254      9.37%     40.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000            140128     10.16%     50.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000            150691     10.92%     61.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000            150753     10.93%     72.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000            143801     10.42%     82.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000            119575      8.67%     91.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000             85075      6.17%     97.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000             26718      1.94%     99.74% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000              213      0.02%     99.76% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows                3312      0.24%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            27835000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                 1379522                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.167085                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.373073                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0             7308     83.29%     83.29% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1             1466     16.71%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.003647                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.060285                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0            8742     99.64%     99.64% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1              32      0.36%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples              8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean           153.574310                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev           10.264667                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-15                    5      0.06%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-31                  12      0.14%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-47                  15      0.17%      0.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-63                  19      0.22%      0.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-79                  21      0.24%      0.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::80-95                   0      0.00%      0.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::96-111                  7      0.08%      0.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::112-127                10      0.11%      1.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::128-143                17      0.19%      1.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::144-159              8660     98.70%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::160-175                 8      0.09%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::176-191                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::192-207                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::208-223                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::224-239                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples             8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            3.638249                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           1.656526                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                    159      1.81%      1.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                    664      7.57%      9.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                   1422     16.21%     25.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                   1983     22.60%     48.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                   1959     22.33%     70.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                   1434     16.34%     86.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                    734      8.37%     95.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                    313      3.57%     98.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                     92      1.05%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                     12      0.14%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     2      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total               8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples      1347663                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean       1.004163                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.000091                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      1.030285                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15        1347641    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           22      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total       1347663                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        31866                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.147995                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     1.578518                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     6.668991                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         31845     99.93%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           21      0.07%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total        31866                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples          8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     15413471.620698                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    2119870.859889                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           69      0.79%      0.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07         8697     99.12%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            3      0.03%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            2      0.02%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            3      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total            8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        15420754.678281      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                   1353273                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples         8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    779895.144746                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   1668471.538905                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06         8757     99.81%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.81% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           15      0.17%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total           8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       779975.523209      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                  68448                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples         1347663                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       11360.977040                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      11358.589845                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev        418.147931                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383         1347640    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           21      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total           1347663                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples          31845                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean      11439.890093                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11437.829136                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev       220.031973                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287        31427     98.69%     98.69% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          417      1.31%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total            31845                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples             1347663                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           65132.726802                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          43223.855273                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                  122      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000             1036      0.08%      0.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000            3182      0.24%      0.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000            9004      0.67%      0.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000           15593      1.16%      2.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000           24823      1.84%      3.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000           37445      2.78%      6.77% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000           50830      3.77%     10.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000           69188      5.13%     15.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000           89449      6.64%     22.31% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000          109484      8.12%     30.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000          125226      9.29%     39.73% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000          134034      9.95%     49.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000          142911     10.60%     60.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000          143521     10.65%     70.93% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000          136005     10.09%     81.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000          113122      8.39%     89.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000           81542      6.05%     95.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000           26622      1.98%     97.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000           1558      0.12%     97.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             32966      2.45%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          27917000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total               1347663                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples             31866                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         2752160.578673                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        2522834.295020                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             1      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             2      0.01%      0.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            10      0.03%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             5      0.02%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            14      0.04%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            25      0.08%      0.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            22      0.07%      0.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            30      0.09%      0.34% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            45      0.14%      0.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            38      0.12%      0.60% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            63      0.20%      0.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            48      0.15%      0.95% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            44      0.14%      1.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            53      0.17%      1.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            44      0.14%      1.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            35      0.11%      1.50% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             4      0.01%      1.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          254      0.80%      2.31% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows           31129     97.69%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value           12000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value        28048000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total               31866                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples               1379529                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             63612.236495                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            36531.297115                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                    124      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000               1091      0.08%      0.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000              3326      0.24%      0.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000              9422      0.68%      1.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000             16421      1.19%      2.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000             26090      1.89%      4.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000             39205      2.84%      6.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000             53372      3.87%     10.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000             72527      5.26%     16.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000             93737      6.79%     22.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000            114569      8.30%     31.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000            131229      9.51%     40.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000            140701     10.20%     50.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000            149850     10.86%     61.74% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000            150369     10.90%     72.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000            142589     10.34%     82.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000            118555      8.59%     91.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000             85433      6.19%     97.76% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000             27362      1.98%     99.74% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000              230      0.02%     99.76% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows                3327      0.24%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            27917000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                 1379529                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.177798                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.382364                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0             7214     82.22%     82.22% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1             1560     17.78%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.004103                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.063927                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0            8738     99.59%     99.59% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1              36      0.41%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples              8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean           153.582517                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev           10.286247                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-15                    5      0.06%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-31                  13      0.15%      0.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-47                  16      0.18%      0.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-63                  18      0.21%      0.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-79                  20      0.23%      0.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::80-95                   1      0.01%      0.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::96-111                  6      0.07%      0.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::112-127                12      0.14%      1.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::128-143                15      0.17%      1.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::144-159              8659     98.69%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::160-175                 9      0.10%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::176-191                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::192-207                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::208-223                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::224-239                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples             8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            3.630955                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           1.656637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                    157      1.79%      1.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                    668      7.61%      9.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                   1419     16.17%     25.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                   2032     23.16%     48.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                   1918     21.86%     70.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                   1432     16.32%     86.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                    752      8.57%     95.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                    281      3.20%     98.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                     93      1.06%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                     19      0.22%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     3      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total               8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples      5390329                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean        1.003643                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean       1.000079                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev       0.963773                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15         5390252    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           77      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total        5390329                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples       127785                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean       2.211527                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean      1.584940                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      7.680640                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15         127672     99.91%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271          113      0.09%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total        127785                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples           8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      61603601.550034                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     6604698.752846                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07           67      0.76%      0.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         8697     99.12%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            3      0.03%     99.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            2      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            1      0.01%     99.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total             8774                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         61624037.394338      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                    5407916                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     3208582.174607                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    5558643.389345                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         8706     99.22%     99.22% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           58      0.66%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            3      0.03%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.02%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.01%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total            8774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        3220270.612125      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                  282600                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples          5390321                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        20010.375263                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       20009.384758                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev         362.301638                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767      5390245    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            7      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           60      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total            5390321                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples          127672                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean       20039.562316                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20038.899015                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev        165.244950                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479       119563     93.65%     93.65% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527         8109      6.35%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total            127672                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples              5390329                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            16284.157516                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           22840.376866                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000               1421099     26.36%     26.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            954400     17.71%     44.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000           741524     13.76%     57.83% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000           615821     11.42%     69.25% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000           477981      8.87%     78.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000           352756      6.54%     84.66% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000           271242      5.03%     89.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000           187717      3.48%     93.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000           134459      2.49%     95.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            91026      1.69%     97.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            54786      1.02%     98.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            38424      0.71%     99.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            23065      0.43%     99.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            12899      0.24%     99.76% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000             6048      0.11%     99.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000             2983      0.06%     99.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000             1003      0.02%     99.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000              675      0.01%     99.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000             2221      0.04%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000              26      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows                174      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           27823000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                5390329                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples             127785                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          686751.962280                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         1093212.397660                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                 588      0.46%      0.46% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000             526      0.41%      0.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            512      0.40%      1.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            502      0.39%      1.67% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            518      0.41%      2.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            487      0.38%      2.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            578      0.45%      2.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            511      0.40%      3.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            497      0.39%      3.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            526      0.41%      4.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            510      0.40%      4.50% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            469      0.37%      4.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            526      0.41%      5.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            522      0.41%      5.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            517      0.40%      6.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            533      0.42%      6.51% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            485      0.38%      6.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            527      0.41%      7.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            477      0.37%      7.68% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000         39023     30.54%     38.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            78951     61.78%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value             1000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value         24302500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total               127785                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                5518114                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              15903.368343                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             18490.804551                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                 1481486     26.85%     26.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000              994169     18.02%     44.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000             767110     13.90%     58.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000             631057     11.44%     70.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000             486612      8.82%     79.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000             356477      6.46%     85.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000             270244      4.90%     90.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000             184812      3.35%     93.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000             130484      2.36%     96.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000              86639      1.57%     97.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000              51279      0.93%     98.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000              35288      0.64%     99.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000              20539      0.37%     99.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000              11126      0.20%     99.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000               4941      0.09%     99.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000               2308      0.04%     99.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                749      0.01%     99.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                609      0.01%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000               1914      0.03%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                54      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                  217      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             19513500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                  5518114                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       1.225781                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.999015                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0              2275     25.93%     25.93% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1              3379     38.51%     64.44% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2              2170     24.73%     89.17% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3               777      8.86%     98.03% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4               161      1.83%     99.86% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                11      0.13%     99.99% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 1      0.01%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total          8774                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean      0.030089                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.172171                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0             8512     97.01%     97.01% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1              260      2.96%     99.98% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                2      0.02%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total         8774                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples               8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            614.293253                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            40.626716                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-31                     4      0.05%      0.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-63                    1      0.01%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-95                    3      0.03%      0.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-127                   9      0.10%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-159                 10      0.11%      0.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::160-191                  2      0.02%      0.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-223                 22      0.25%      0.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::224-255                  0      0.00%      0.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-287                  2      0.02%      0.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::288-319                 19      0.22%      0.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::320-351                  0      0.00%      0.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::352-383                  0      0.00%      0.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::384-415                  6      0.07%      0.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::416-447                  1      0.01%      0.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::448-479                  2      0.02%      0.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::480-511                 11      0.13%      1.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::512-543                 13      0.15%      1.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::544-575                  1      0.01%      1.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::576-607                 38      0.43%      1.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::608-639               8630     98.36%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                 8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples              8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean            14.560406                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            3.055240                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-1                     3      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2-3                     2      0.02%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-5                     1      0.01%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6-7                   215      2.45%      2.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-9                   590      6.72%      9.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10-11                 220      2.51%     11.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-13                1847     21.05%     32.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14-15                2735     31.17%     63.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-17                1218     13.88%     77.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18-19                1848     21.06%     98.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-21                  81      0.92%     99.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::22-23                  12      0.14%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-25                   1      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::26-27                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                8774                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     9339829                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         8                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3773224                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 9339837                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                3773224                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         13113053                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                              8                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     13113061                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    34610555                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                34610555                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         34610555                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     34610555                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       174738100                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   30868864                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     32724755                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             31741970                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1866857                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       954804                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    31741970                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           49594179                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          26079885                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           126185865                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           12138234                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     13114399                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    9340287                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3774112                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              771678.013075                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              173966421.986925                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.995584                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.004416                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2832701                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 19611382     59.93%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     529      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 9340287     28.54%     88.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3774112     11.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  32726312                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1301                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           34782872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1301                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         26735.489623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         69222411                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        69222411                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     34609254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       34609254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     34609254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        34609254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     34609254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       34609254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     19928473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19928473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     19928473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19928473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     19928473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19928473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     34610555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34610555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     34610555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     34610555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     34610555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     34610555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15317.811683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15317.811683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15317.811683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15317.811683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 15317.811683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15317.811683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     17303527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17303527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     17303527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17303527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     17303527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17303527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 13300.174481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13300.174481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 13300.174481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13300.174481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 13300.174481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13300.174481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               133                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              524                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          200.739304                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           13895467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs         26518.066794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   200.739304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.784138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.784138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.710938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         24386845                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        24386845                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      8439270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8439270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      3750993                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3750993                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          150                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          150                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          410                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          410                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          383                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          383                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data     12190263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        12190263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     12190413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       12190413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          330                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          330                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           21                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          236                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          236                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          261                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          261                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data         1171                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         1171                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      8972985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8972985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4517497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4517497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1117999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1117999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      7200500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      7200500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     13490482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     13490482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     13490482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     13490482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      8440090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8440090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      3751323                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3751323                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          171                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          646                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          646                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          644                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          644                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     12191413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12191413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     12191584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12191584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.122807                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.122807                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.365325                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.365325                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.405280                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.405280                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10942.664634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10942.664634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 13689.384848                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13689.384848                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  4737.283898                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4737.283898                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 27588.122605                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27588.122605                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11730.853913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11730.853913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11520.479932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11520.479932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          302                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              302                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          261                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          261                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      7318015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7318015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3855503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3855503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       214001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       214001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       474000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       474000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      6678500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6678500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     11173518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11173518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     11387519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11387519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  37769505030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  37769505030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    883641503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    883641503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data  38653146533                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  38653146533                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000088                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.122807                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122807                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.335913                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335913                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.405280                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.405280                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8924.408537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8924.408537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11683.342424                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11683.342424                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10190.523810                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10190.523810                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  2184.331797                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2184.331797                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 25588.122605                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25588.122605                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9716.102609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9716.102609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9724.610589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9724.610589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2493                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     9380468                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                        15                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    3789059                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        1                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 9380483                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                3789060                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         13169527                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                             16                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     13169543                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    34761065                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                34761065                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         34761065                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     34761065                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       175497097                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   31002751                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     32866124                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             31879281                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    1875024                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       958756                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    31879281                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           49806379                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          26192997                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           126731489                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           12191087                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     13170756                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    9380850                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   3789906                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              16182.525148                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              175480914.474852                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.999908                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.000092                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          2844825                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 19696261     59.93%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     523      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 9380850     28.54%     88.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                3789906     11.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  32867542                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1128                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           34911994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1128                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         30950.349291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         69523258                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        69523258                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     34759937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       34759937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     34759937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        34759937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     34759937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       34759937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1128                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1128                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     17660480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17660480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     17660480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17660480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     17660480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17660480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     34761065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34761065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     34761065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     34761065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     34761065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     34761065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15656.453901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15656.453901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15656.453901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15656.453901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15656.453901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15656.453901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     15389520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15389520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     15389520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15389520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     15389520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15389520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13643.191489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13643.191489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13643.191489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13643.191489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13643.191489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13643.191489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               134                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              462                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          186.575231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           36443806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs         78882.696970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   186.575231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.728809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.728809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         24491523                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        24491523                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      8475824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8475824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      3766842                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3766842                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           82                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           82                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          398                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          398                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          383                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          383                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data     12242666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        12242666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data     12242748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       12242748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          307                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          307                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           25                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           25                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          251                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          251                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          261                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          261                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data         1138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          1138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data         1163                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         1163                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      9058988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9058988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3022500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3022500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1173000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1173000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      7083999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      7083999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     12081488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     12081488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     12081488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     12081488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      8476655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8476655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      3767149                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3767149                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          107                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          107                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          649                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          649                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          644                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          644                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     12243804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12243804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     12243911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12243911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.233645                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.233645                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.386749                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.386749                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.405280                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.405280                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10901.309266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10901.309266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9845.276873                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9845.276873                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  4673.306773                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4673.306773                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 27141.758621                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27141.758621                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10616.421793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10616.421793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10388.209802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10388.209802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           25                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          261                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          261                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      7385012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7385012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2408500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2408500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       207000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       207000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       515000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       515000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      6561001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6561001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      9793512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9793512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     10000512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10000512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  37945088044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  37945088044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    884067503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    884067503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data  38829155547                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  38829155547                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.233645                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233645                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.349769                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349769                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.405280                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.405280                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8886.897714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8886.897714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  7845.276873                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7845.276873                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data         8280                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8280                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  2268.722467                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2268.722467                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 25137.934866                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25137.934866                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8605.898067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8605.898067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8598.892519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8598.892519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2600                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     9319079                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                        15                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    3764917                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 9319094                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                3764917                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                         13083996                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                             15                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                     13084011                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                    34535936                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                34535936                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                         34535936                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                     34535936                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                       174336934                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   30801566                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     32653098                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             31671620                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    1862977                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       952694                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    31671620                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           49482446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          26021890                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           125907606                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           12112257                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     13085011                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    9319438                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   3765573                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              1168574.540983                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              173168359.459017                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.993297                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.006703                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          2826868                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 19568729     59.93%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     556      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 9319438     28.54%     88.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                3765573     11.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  32654298                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       8                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             1035                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           34664122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1035                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         33491.905314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         69072907                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        69072907                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst     34534901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       34534901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst     34534901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        34534901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst     34534901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       34534901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          1035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1035                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         1035                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     16471986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16471986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     16471986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16471986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     16471986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16471986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     34535936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34535936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     34535936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     34535936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     34535936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     34535936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15914.962319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15914.962319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15914.962319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15914.962319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15914.962319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15914.962319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     14390014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14390014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     14390014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14390014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     14390014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14390014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 13903.395169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13903.395169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 13903.395169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13903.395169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 13903.395169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13903.395169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry               129                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements              422                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          219.692197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            1453162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              422                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          3443.511848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   219.692197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.858173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.858173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         24332740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        24332740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      8420553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8420553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      3742540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3742540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           87                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           87                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          456                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          456                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data     12163093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        12163093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data     12163180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       12163180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          269                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          269                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          281                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          281                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data         1137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          1137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data         1154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         1154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      8417987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8417987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3031497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3031497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1209000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1209000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      7668000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      7668000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     11449484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11449484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     11449484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11449484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      8421365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8421365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      3742865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3742865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          104                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          737                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          737                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data     12164230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12164230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data     12164334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12164334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.163462                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.163462                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.362534                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.362534                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.381275                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.381275                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10366.979064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10366.979064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  9327.683077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9327.683077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  4494.423792                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4494.423792                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 27288.256228                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27288.256228                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10069.906772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10069.906772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  9921.563258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  9921.563258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          246                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              246                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          254                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          254                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          281                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          281                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      6785013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6785013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2380503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2380503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       137500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       137500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       568500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       568500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      7106000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7106000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      9165516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9165516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      9303016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9303016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  37683423529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  37683423529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data    885951500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    885951500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data  38569375029                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  38569375029                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000087                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.163462                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163462                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.342318                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342318                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.381275                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.381275                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8355.927340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8355.927340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  7324.624615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7324.624615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8088.235294                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8088.235294                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  2238.188976                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2238.188976                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 25288.256228                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25288.256228                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8061.139842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8061.139842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8061.538995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8061.538995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2661                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     9366071                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                        15                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    3783751                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                 9366086                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                3783751                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                         13149822                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                             15                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                     13149837                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                    34708428                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                34708428                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                         34708428                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                     34708428                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                       175225585                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   30955448                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     32816443                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             31830534                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                    1872268                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       957274                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    31830534                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           49730817                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          26152724                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           126538644                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           12172528                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     13150873                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    9366466                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   3784407                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              287144.689155                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              174938440.310845                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.998361                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.001639                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          2840734                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 19666246     59.93%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     552      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 9366466     28.54%     88.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                3784407     11.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  32817679                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1111                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           34814933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         31336.573357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         69417967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        69417967                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst     34707317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       34707317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst     34707317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        34707317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst     34707317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       34707317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     17933476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17933476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     17933476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17933476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     17933476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17933476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     34708428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34708428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     34708428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     34708428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     34708428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     34708428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16141.742574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16141.742574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16141.742574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16141.742574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16141.742574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16141.742574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     15696524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15696524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     15696524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15696524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     15696524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15696524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14128.284428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14128.284428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14128.284428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14128.284428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14128.284428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14128.284428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry               140                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              465                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          227.692618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            1523589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          3276.535484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   227.692618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.889424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.889424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         24455051                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        24455051                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      8462855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8462855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      3761385                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3761385                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           93                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           93                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          469                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          469                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          458                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          458                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data     12224240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        12224240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data     12224333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       12224333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          334                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          334                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          262                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          262                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          270                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          270                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data         1153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          1153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data         1169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         1169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      8595982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8595982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3612498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3612498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1173500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1173500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      7673000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      7673000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     12208480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     12208480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     12208480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     12208480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      8463674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8463674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      3761719                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3761719                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          109                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          731                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          731                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          728                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          728                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data     12225393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12225393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data     12225502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12225502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.146789                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.146789                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.358413                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.358413                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.370879                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.370879                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10495.704518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10495.704518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10815.862275                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10815.862275                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  4479.007634                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4479.007634                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 28418.518519                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28418.518519                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10588.447528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10588.447528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10443.524380                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10443.524380                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          263                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              263                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          247                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          247                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          270                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          270                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      6941018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6941018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2942502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2942502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       170500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       170500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       512000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       512000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      7133000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7133000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      9883520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9883520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     10054020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10054020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  37881194538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  37881194538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data    885668001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    885668001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data  38766862539                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  38766862539                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.146789                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.146789                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.337893                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337893                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.370879                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370879                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  8474.991453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8474.991453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  8809.886228                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8809.886228                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10656.250000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10656.250000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  2072.874494                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2072.874494                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 26418.518519                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26418.518519                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  8572.003469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8572.003469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  8600.530368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8600.530368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2705                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                     9313113                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                        24                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                    3763141                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        2                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                 9313137                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                3763143                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                         13076254                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                             26                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                     13076280                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                    34513807                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         5                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                34513812                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                         34513807                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                     34513812                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                       174231288                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                   30782358                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                     32632589                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses             31651796                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                    1861502                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts       952499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                    31651796                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads           49454027                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes          26004387                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads           125828760                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes           12104213                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                     13077567                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                    9313529                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                   3764038                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              1272550.181327                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              172958737.818673                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.992696                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.007304                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                          2825190                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                 19555968     59.92%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                     541      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 8      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                 9313529     28.54%     88.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                3764038     11.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                  32634084                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements             1149                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs           34566460                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1149                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs         30083.951262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses         69028763                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses        69028763                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst     34512658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       34512658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst     34512658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total        34512658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst     34512658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total       34512658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst         1149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst         1149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total          1149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst         1149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total         1149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     17940988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17940988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     17940988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17940988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     17940988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17940988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     34513807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34513807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     34513807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total     34513807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst     34513807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total     34513807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15614.436902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15614.436902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15614.436902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15614.436902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15614.436902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15614.436902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst         1149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst         1149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst         1149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     15631012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15631012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     15631012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15631012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst     15631012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15631012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 13604.013925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13604.013925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 13604.013925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13604.013925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 13604.013925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13604.013925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry               126                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements              537                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          236.017414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs            1459732                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              537                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs          2718.309125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   236.017414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.921943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.921943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.835938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         24318720                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses        24318720                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data      8415230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8415230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data      3740862                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3740862                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          100                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          100                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          433                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          433                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          428                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          428                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data     12156092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total        12156092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data     12156192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total       12156192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           20                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          260                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          260                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          260                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          260                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total          1180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data         1200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total         1200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     11303983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11303983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3730000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3730000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1555500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1555500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      7420000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      7420000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     15033983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     15033983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     15033983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     15033983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data      8416100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8416100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data      3741172                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3741172                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          120                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          120                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          693                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          693                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          688                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          688                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data     12157272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12157272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data     12157392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12157392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000083                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000083                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.375180                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.375180                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.377907                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.377907                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 12993.083908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12993.083908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 12032.258065                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12032.258065                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  5982.692308                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5982.692308                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 28538.461538                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28538.461538                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 12740.663559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12740.663559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 12528.319167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12528.319167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          297                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total              297                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           20                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          241                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          241                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          260                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          260                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         1200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      9550017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9550017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3110000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3110000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       560500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       560500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       518000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       518000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      6900000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6900000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     12660017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12660017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     13220517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13220517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  37654444018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  37654444018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data    884474501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    884474501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data  38538918519                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  38538918519                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000083                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000083                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.347763                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347763                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.377907                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377907                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 10977.031034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10977.031034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 10032.258065                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10032.258065                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        28025                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        28025                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  2149.377593                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2149.377593                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 26538.461538                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26538.461538                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 10728.827966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10728.827966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 11017.097500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11017.097500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2480                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                     9287979                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                        22                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                    3752599                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        3                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                 9288001                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                3752602                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                         13040578                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                             25                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                     13040603                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                    34418941                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         5                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                34418946                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                         34418941                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                     34418946                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                       173746514                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                   30697330                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                     32542058                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses             31564516                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                    1856722                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts       949254                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                    31564516                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads           49315913                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes          25933196                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads           125481862                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes           12070535                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                     13041839                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                    9288358                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                   3753481                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              1748904.827170                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              171997609.172830                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.989934                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.010066                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                          2817114                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                 19501081     59.92%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                     559      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                 9288358     28.54%     88.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                3753481     11.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                  32543481                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              999                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs           34424465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs         34458.923924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses         68838881                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses        68838881                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst     34417942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       34417942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst     34417942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total        34417942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst     34417942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total       34417942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst          999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst          999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst          999                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          999                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     16958989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16958989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     16958989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16958989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     16958989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16958989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     34418941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34418941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     34418941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total     34418941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst     34418941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total     34418941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 16975.964965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16975.964965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 16975.964965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16975.964965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 16975.964965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16975.964965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     14951011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14951011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     14951011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14951011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     14951011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14951011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14965.976977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14965.976977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14965.976977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14965.976977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14965.976977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14965.976977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry               125                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              486                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          237.747369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs            1451664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              486                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs          2986.962963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   237.747369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.928701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.928701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.828125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         24252123                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses        24252123                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data      8392567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8392567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data      3730249                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3730249                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           80                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           80                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          447                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          447                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          447                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          447                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data     12122816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total        12122816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data     12122896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total       12122896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          329                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          329                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          268                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          268                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          266                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          266                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data         1154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total          1154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data         1170                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total         1170                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      8681971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8681971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3375000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3375000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1324500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1324500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      7576000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      7576000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     12056971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     12056971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     12056971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     12056971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data      8393392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8393392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data      3730578                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3730578                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           96                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          715                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          715                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          713                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          713                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data     12123970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12123970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data     12124066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12124066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.374825                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.374825                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.373072                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.373072                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 10523.601212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10523.601212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 10258.358663                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10258.358663                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  4942.164179                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4942.164179                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 28481.203008                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28481.203008                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 10447.981802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10447.981802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 10305.103419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10305.103419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          291                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total              291                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          253                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          253                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          266                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          266                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         1154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         1170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      7011027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7011027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2717000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2717000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       299500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       299500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       524000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       524000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      7044000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7044000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      9728027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9728027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     10027527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10027527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  37551381021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  37551381021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data    885612003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    885612003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data  38436993024                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  38436993024                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000088                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.353846                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353846                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.373072                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373072                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  8498.214545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8498.214545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  8258.358663                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8258.358663                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 18718.750000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18718.750000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  2071.146245                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2071.146245                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 26481.203008                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26481.203008                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  8429.832756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8429.832756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  8570.535897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8570.535897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2457                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          177.061111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   177.061111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.691645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.691645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.691406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        6815                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         4                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       5203                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    6819                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   5203                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                            12018                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                        12022                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       31722                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   31722                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            31722                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        31722                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                       175513274                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      31101                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        36876                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                33202                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       1818                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         4096                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       33202                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              57433                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             22885                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads              134094                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes              14399                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                        12828                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       7020                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      5808                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              175355941.995667                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              157332.004333                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000896                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999104                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             6021                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    24863     65.81%     65.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      80      0.21%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                10      0.03%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    7020     18.58%     84.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   5808     15.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     37781                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              575                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              39974                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            69.520000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            64019                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           64019                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        31147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        31147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           31147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        31147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          31147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11544986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11544986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11544986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11544986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     11544986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11544986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        31722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        31722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        31722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        31722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        31722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 20078.236522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20078.236522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 20078.236522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20078.236522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 20078.236522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20078.236522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10382014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10382014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10382014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10382014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10382014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10382014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 18055.676522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18055.676522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 18055.676522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18055.676522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 18055.676522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18055.676522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                66                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              215                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          227.782330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               9438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            43.897674                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   227.782330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.889775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.889775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            24312                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           24312                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         6291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           6291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         4958                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          4958                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           89                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           89                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          148                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          148                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data        11249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total           11249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data        11338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total          11338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           80                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           80                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           12                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3529996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3529996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2672999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2672999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       133000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       133000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       304000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       304000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6202995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      6202995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6202995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      6202995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         6545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         5038                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         5038                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          101                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data        11583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total        11583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data        11684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total        11684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.038808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.015879                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015879                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.118812                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.118812                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.092025                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.092025                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.118012                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.118012                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.028835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.029613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 13897.622047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13897.622047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 33412.487500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33412.487500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  8866.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8866.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        16000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        16000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18571.841317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18571.841317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 17927.731214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17927.731214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total              109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3018004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3018004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2512001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2512001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       110000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        17000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        17000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       266000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       266000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5530005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5530005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5640005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5640005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       192500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       192500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       136000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       136000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       328500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       328500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.038808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.015879                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015879                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.118812                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118812                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.024540                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024540                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.118012                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118012                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.028835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.029613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 11881.905512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11881.905512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 31400.012500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31400.012500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  9166.666667                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9166.666667                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         4250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         4250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        14000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        14000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16556.901198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16556.901198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16300.592486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16300.592486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                50                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.pim 87756600000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -70130188.800000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       70269292.800000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -4121438630.400000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       4899152160.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -47310048.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       47403888.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -2780335584.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       3304983600.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -267579187.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       267854745.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -6907467340.799999
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       8479463616.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -118981923.840000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       119366784.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -983781365.760000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       985267307.520000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -792080048087.039429
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       840458536550.399658
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -792080048087.039429
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       840458536550.399658
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -230742048000.959991
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       244788856462.080017
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -351410952058.560242
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       391800494160.000366
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -2556250949712.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       2712421772352.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -2450401033872.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       2583464195424.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.087757
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       1223288792.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       351026400.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       180620976.772525
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       190372919.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       49738193.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       192.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       16993453.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       7034348.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       56015948.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       26222912.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       22637325.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       5840785.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       185139418.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       56770253.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       297441194.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       94803487.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       156407964.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       38600944.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       192.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       11197168.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       1144.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       190372919.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       49738193.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       192.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       207580464.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       10.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       207580454.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       7298.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       50617821.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       22499844.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       78645357.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       109.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       5231.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       2015.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       22092763
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       69.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       3151370.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       113.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       6211.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       227.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       1285902.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       480.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       1866264.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       750.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       448.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       5390299.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       127672.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       5182134.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       5853714.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
