sim_seconds                                  0.004858                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4858390000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3098030889500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                8307078                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  9817734                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              802052854                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2567044                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     6.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    50319508                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      59470287                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data          206                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total          206                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total          206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total             4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks         2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total          2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total                16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks           10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total               10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data        52692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        52692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       263462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       474231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total              843078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       263462                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total         263462                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks        526924                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total             526924                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks        526924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data        52692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        52692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       263462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       474231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total            1370001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                        16                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                       10                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                     128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                     80                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM                 4096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys                  4096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys               2560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                  5001144000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5                 128                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5                 80                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples           29                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.689655                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   193.682552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    73.741393                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     10.34%     10.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127            1      3.45%     13.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191            1      3.45%     17.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     10.34%     27.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287           21     72.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total           29                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean    42.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    35.851238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.095077                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                    4526060                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat               6695660                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                   409600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   35359.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              52309.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                       0.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       0.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                    0.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    0.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    31.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                    111                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                    60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               86.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              75.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                192351692.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  82.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4428342328                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF     426891600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT       3120470                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          690076.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          624153.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2                716688                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          637459.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0                465528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1                421056                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2                483480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3          430032.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0              2698176                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         2384179.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2              2660736                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         2424115.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        1151262.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        1071636.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        1247477.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        1072051.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      588904464.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      588079998.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      589584142.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      588695379.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0        6458828256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1        6459551472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2      6458232048.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3        6459011664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        9055553763.840000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        9054948495.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        9055740571.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        9055086700.799999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          77.892646                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          77.887439                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          77.894252                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          77.888628                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total             5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks         4096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total          4096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.data           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total                21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks           16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total               16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       105385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       263462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       685001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        52692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total             1106539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       263462                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        52692                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total         316154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks        843078                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total             843078                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks        843078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       105385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       263462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       685001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        52692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total            1949617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                        21                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                       16                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                     168                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                    128                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM                 5120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                  3840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys                  5376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys               4096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           19                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6              23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                  5020386000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5                 168                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5                128                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples           40                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean          224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   194.135395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.255277                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63            5     12.50%     12.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255            5     12.50%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287           30     75.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total           40                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean    35.200000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    29.037425                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    19.266551                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::8               1     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::24              1     20.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::40              1     20.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::48              1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::56              1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24              5    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                    4597624                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat               7309624                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                   512000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   28735.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              45685.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                       1.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       0.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                    1.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    0.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    29.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                    140                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                   100                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              78.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                135686108.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4427927387                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF     426891600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT       3535411                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          808617.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          793497.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          759628.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          848534.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0                545496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1                535296                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2          512448.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3                572424                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         3113011.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1         3004185.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         2860915.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         3263769.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        1383505.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        1343692.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        1290608.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        1397191.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      590677119.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      590146225.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      590098400.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      591380873.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0        6457273296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1        6457738992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2        6457780944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3      6456655968.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        9056617045.440001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        9056377889.280001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        9056118944.640001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        9056934760.320002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          77.901792                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          77.899734                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          77.897507                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          77.904524                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total             3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks         1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total          1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks            7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total                7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       105385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       474231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        52692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        52692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total              685001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       105385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        52692                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total         158077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks        368846                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total             368846                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks        368846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       105385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       474231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        52692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        52692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total            1053847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                        13                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                        7                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                     104                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                     56                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM                 3328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys                  3328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys               1792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                  4983654000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5                 104                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5                 56                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples           26                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   216.615385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   185.596351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    79.580438                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     11.54%     11.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95            1      3.85%     15.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191            1      3.85%     19.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2      7.69%     26.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287           19     73.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total           26                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean           48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    46.470286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.856406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::32              1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::56              2     66.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                    2709320                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat               4472120                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                   332800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   26051.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              43001.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                       0.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       0.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                    0.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    0.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    35.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                     91                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                    59                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate             105.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                249182700.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  93.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4429083374                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF     426891600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT       2379424                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          645321.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          663465.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          694310.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3                689472                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0                435336                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1                447576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2                468384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3                465120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0              2428608                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         2457062.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         2664230.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         2616806.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        1131770.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        1174487.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        1187758.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        1137991.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      588704736.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      589300637.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      589262990.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      589468135.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0        6459003456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1        6458480736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2        6458513760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3      6458333808.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        9055165228.799999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        9055339964.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        9055607432.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        9055527333.120001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          77.889303                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          77.890807                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          77.893107                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          77.892418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total             4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks         2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total          2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.data           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total                17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total                8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data        52692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       210769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       632308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total              895770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       210769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total         210769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks        421539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total             421539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks        421539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data        52692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       210769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       632308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total            1317309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                        17                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                        8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                     136                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                     64                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM                 4352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys                  4352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys               2048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            8                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                  5007076000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5                 136                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5                 64                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples           25                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   235.520000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   214.463511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    61.885055                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2      8.00%      8.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2      8.00%     16.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287           21     84.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total           25                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.712813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.627417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::16              1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::48              1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                    4485568                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat               6790768                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                   435200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   32982.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              49932.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                       0.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       0.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                    0.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    0.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    29.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                    119                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                200283040.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  79.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4429111913                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF     426891600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT       2350885                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          667094.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1          684633.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2          702777.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3          687052.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0                450024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1                461856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2                474096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3                463488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         2592345.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         2568883.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         2760076.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3              2568384                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        1124720.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        1154580.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        1147944.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        1184855.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      589074644.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      589578177.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      589202743.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      589158694.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0        6458678976                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1        6458237280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2      6458566608.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3      6458605248.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        9055403804.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        9055501410.240000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        9055670246.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        9055483721.280001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          77.891356                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          77.892195                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          77.893647                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          77.892043                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total             4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks         2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total          2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.data           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total                17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total                8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       105385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       210769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       579616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total              895770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       210769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total         210769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks        421539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total             421539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks        421539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       105385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       210769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       579616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total            1317309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                        17                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                        8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                     136                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                     64                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM                 4352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys                  4352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys               2048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            6                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                  5007226000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5                 136                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5                 64                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples           29                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.517241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   203.618717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    68.987898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     10.34%     10.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     10.34%     20.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287           23     79.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total           29                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean           56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    53.554636                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.166010                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                    3610352                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat               5915552                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                   435200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   26546.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              43496.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                       0.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       0.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                    0.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    0.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    25.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                    119                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                    60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              93.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                200289040.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  89.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4428851612                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF     426891600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT       2611186                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0          658022.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1          630201.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2                625968                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          682819.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0                443904                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1                425136                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2                422280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3          460632.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0         2583859.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         2364710.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2              2361216                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         2583859.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        1114767.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        1074954.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        1081589.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        1181537.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      588498825.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      588789662.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      588562246.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      589163837.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0        6459184080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1        6458928960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2      6459128448.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3        6458600736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        9055299457.920000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1          9055029624                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        9054997747.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        9055489420.800001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          77.890458                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          77.888137                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          77.887863                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          77.892092                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total             3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks         2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total          2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.data           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total                14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks           10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total               10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        52692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.data        52692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       632308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total              737693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks        526924                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total             526924                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks        526924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        52692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.data        52692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       632308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total            1264616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                        14                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                       10                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                     112                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                     80                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM                 3584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys                  3584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys               2560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           11                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                  4997714000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5                 112                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5                 80                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples           26                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   226.461538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   198.310585                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    72.364207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     11.54%     11.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     11.54%     23.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287           20     76.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total           26                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean    45.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    43.430682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.653328                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                    3765376                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat               5663776                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                   358400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   33619.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              50569.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                       0.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       0.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                    0.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    0.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    27.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                     98                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                    60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              75.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                208238083.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  82.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4428069171                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF     426891600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT       3393627                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          684633.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          653788.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2                683424                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3                722736                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0                461856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1                441048                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2                461040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3                487560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         2601331.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         2552409.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         2583859.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3              2773056                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0             1161216                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        1091543.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        1191075.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        1194808.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      589539545.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      589063098.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      589525263.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      589517876.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0      6458271168.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1        6458689104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2        6458283696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3        6458290176                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        9055535749.440001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        9055306991.040001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        9055544357.760000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        9055802211.840000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          77.892491                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          77.890523                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          77.892565                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          77.894783                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total             4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks         2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total          2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.data           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total                18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks           10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total               10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.data        52692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       210769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       632308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        52692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total              948462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       210769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        52692                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total         263462                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks        526924                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total             526924                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks        526924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.data        52692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       210769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       632308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        52692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total            1475386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                        18                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                       10                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                     144                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                     80                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM                 4608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys                  4608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys               2560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           10                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                  5015492000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5                 144                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5                 80                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples           30                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   230.400000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.178463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.960232                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     10.00%     10.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     10.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287           24     80.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total           30                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean    37.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    36.630856                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.237604                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::32              2     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::48              1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                    4233240                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat               6674040                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                   460800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   29397.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              46347.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                       0.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       0.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                    0.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    0.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    30.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                    126                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                    60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              75.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                179124714.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  83.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4429036328                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF     426891600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT       2426470                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0                722736                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1                704592                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          658627.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          726969.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0                487560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1                475320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2          444312.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3                490416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         2841446.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1         2724134.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         2460057.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3              2795520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        1201029.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1             1171584                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        1124720.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        1224253.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      589345070.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      589088871.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      589379325.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      589438313.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0        6458441760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1        6458666496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2        6458411712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3      6458359968.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        9055855601.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        9055646997.119999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        9055294753.920000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        9055851439.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          77.895242                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          77.893447                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          77.890418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          77.895206                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total             4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks         1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total          1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.data           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total                16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks            7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total                7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        52692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.data        52692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       105385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       632308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total              843078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       105385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total         105385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks        368846                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total             368846                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks        368846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        52692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.data        52692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       105385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       632308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total            1211924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                        16                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                        7                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                     128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                     56                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM                 4096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                  1792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys                  4096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys               1792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                  5011052000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5                 128                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5                 56                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples           25                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   235.520000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   214.463511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    61.885055                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2      8.00%      8.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2      8.00%     16.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287           21     84.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total           25                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean           60                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    59.866518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     5.656854                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::56-57            1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean           28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    27.712813                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     5.656854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24              1     50.00%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::32              1     50.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                    4158968                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat               6328568                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                   409600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   32491.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              49441.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                       0.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       0.37                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                    0.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    0.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    29.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                    112                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                    47                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                217871826.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  86.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4428697492                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF     426891600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT       2765306                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          710035.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1                668304                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          619315.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3                698544                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0          478992.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1                450840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2          417792.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3                471240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         2835955.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         2536934.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2              2376192                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         2656742.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        1147944.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        1137991.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        1068733.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        1157898.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      588739210.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      589179159.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      588265335.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      589165698.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0        6458973216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1        6458587296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2        6459388896                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3        6458599104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        9055701353.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        9055376524.799999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        9054952263.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        9055565226.240000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          77.893915                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          77.891121                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          77.887472                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          77.892744                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total             4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks         2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total          2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.data           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total                16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks           10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total               10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        52692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.data        52692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       105385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       632308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total              843078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       105385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total         105385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks        526924                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total             526924                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks        526924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        52692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.data        52692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       105385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       632308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total            1370001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                        16                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                       10                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                     128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                     80                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM                 4096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys                  4096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys               2560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                  5006725000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5                 128                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5                 80                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples           28                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.571429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   201.960716                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.062104                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     10.71%     10.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     10.71%     21.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287           22     78.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total           28                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.242787                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    41.569219                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            2     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                    3193600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat               5363200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                   409600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                       0.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       0.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                    0.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    0.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    31.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                    112                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                    60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              75.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                192566346.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  82.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4428292613                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF     426891600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT       3170185                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          676166.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1          651369.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2                680400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          734227.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0                456144                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1                439416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2                459000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3          495312.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         2670220.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         2444582.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         2652249.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         2779545.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        1118085.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        1095275.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        1144627.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        1217617.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      588823424.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      589104083.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      588504899.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      589859383.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0        6458899344                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1        6458653152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2        6459178752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3      6457990608.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        9055459384.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        9055203878.400002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        9055435927.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        9055892693.760002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          77.891834                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          77.889636                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          77.891632                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          77.895561                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total             3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total          1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.data           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total                15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total                4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        52692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       105385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       632308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total              790385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        52692                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       105385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total         158077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks        210769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total             210769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks        210769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        52692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       105385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       632308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total            1001155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                        15                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                        4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                     120                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                     32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM                 3840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                   768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys                  3840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys               1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        23997                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                  5001599000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5                 120                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5                 32                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   242.526316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   227.854025                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    51.505521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1      5.26%      5.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1      5.26%     10.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287           17     89.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total           19                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::32              1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24              1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                    3111968                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat               5145968                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                   384000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   25933.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              42883.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                       0.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       0.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                    0.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    0.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    26.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                    105                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                    20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                263242052.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  82.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4429721841                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF     426891600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT       1740957                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0          624153.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1                644112                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          639878.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          666489.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0                421056                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1                434520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2                431664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3                449616                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         2360217.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1         2436595.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         2453068.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3              2555904                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        1065415.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        1114767.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        1098178.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        1111449.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      588829389.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      588838472.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      588581671.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      589053850.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0        6458894112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1        6458886144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2      6459111408.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3        6458697216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        9055010343.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        9055170610.560001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        9055131868.800001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        9055350525.119999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          77.887971                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          77.889350                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          77.889017                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          77.890897                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total             3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks         2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total          2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total                12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total                8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.data        52692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       105385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       474231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total              632308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       105385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total         105385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks        421539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total             421539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks        421539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.data        52692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       105385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       474231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total            1053847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                        12                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                        8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                      96                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                     64                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM                 2816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys                  3072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys               2048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                  5016404000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5                  96                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5                 64                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   183.239412                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.761427                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     12.50%     12.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      8.33%     20.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     12.50%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287           16     66.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean    37.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    36.630856                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.237604                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::32              2     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::48              1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                    2195600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat               3687200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                   281600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                       0.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       0.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                    0.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    0.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    29.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                     77                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                    59                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              92.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                250820200.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  89.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4428663906                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF     426891600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT       2798892                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          636854.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          672537.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2                677376                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          687052.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0                429624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1                453696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2                456960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3                463488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0         2456563.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1              2548416                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2         2647756.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3              2595840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        1108131.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        1145041.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        1144627.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        1124720.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      588476992.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      588784026.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      588691275.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      589602254.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0        6459203232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1        6458933904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2        6459015264                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3        6458216160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        9055127397.119999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        9055353621.119999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        9055449259.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        9055505515.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          77.888978                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          77.890924                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          77.891747                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          77.892231                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total             3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total          2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.data           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total                14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total                9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data        52692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       158077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       526924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total              737693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       158077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total         158077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks        474231                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total             474231                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks        474231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data        52692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       158077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       526924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total            1211924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                        14                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                        9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                     112                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                     72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM                 3584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys                  3584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys               2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                  3223560000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5                 112                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5                 72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples           27                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.074074                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   189.092827                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.391078                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     11.11%     11.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127            1      3.70%     14.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159            1      3.70%     18.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2      7.41%     25.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287           20     74.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total           27                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean    37.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    35.851238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    12.220202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::24              1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::40              1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::48              1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                    3617000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat               5515400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                   358400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   32294.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              49244.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                       0.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       0.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                    0.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    0.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    36.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                     98                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                    59                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              81.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                140154782.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  85.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4427852088                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF     426891600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT       3610710                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          682819.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1          747532.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          709430.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          741484.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0          460632.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1          504288.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2                478584                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3          500208.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0         2700172.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         2944281.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2              2708160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3         2768563.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        1157898.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        1207664.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        1194808.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        1247477.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      588631959.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1         589960944                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      589544907.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      590211178.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0        6459067296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1        6457901520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2        6458266464                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3        6457682016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        9055516776.959999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        9056082230.400000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        9055718353.920000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        9055966927.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          77.892327                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          77.897191                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          77.894061                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          77.896199                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total             4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks         2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total          2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.data           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total                16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks           10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total               10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.data        52692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       158077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       579616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        52692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total              843078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       158077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        52692                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total         210769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks        526924                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total             526924                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks        526924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.data        52692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       158077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       579616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        52692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total            1370001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                        16                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                       10                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                     128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                     80                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM                 4096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys                  4096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys               2560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            7                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                  5004972000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5                 128                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5                 80                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples           28                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.571429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   201.960716                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.062104                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     10.71%     10.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     10.71%     21.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287           22     78.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total           28                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean    42.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    38.097625                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.716402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                    3810616                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat               5980216                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                   409600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   29770.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              46720.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                       0.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       0.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                    0.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    0.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    31.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                    112                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                    60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              75.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                192498923.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  82.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4428369465                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF     426891600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT       3093333                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          677980.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1                628992                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2                713664                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          667094.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0                457368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1                424320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2                481440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3                450024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         2640268.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         2424115.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         2652748.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         2511974.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        1167851.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        1071636.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        1237939.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        1101496.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      588770127.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      588383256.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      589204111.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      589459654.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0        6458946096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1        6459285456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2      6458565408.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3      6458341248.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        9055475691.840000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1          9055033776                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        9055671311.040001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        9055347490.560001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          77.891974                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          77.888173                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          77.893657                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          77.890871                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total             2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total          2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total                11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total                9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.data        52692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        52692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       421539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst        52692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total              579616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        52692                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst        52692                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total         105385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks        474231                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total             474231                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks        474231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.data        52692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        52692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       421539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst        52692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total            1053847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                        11                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                        9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                      88                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                     72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM                 2816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys                  2816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys               2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                  4973496000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5                  88                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5                 72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples           23                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   222.608696                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.814508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.263740                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     13.04%     13.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     13.04%     26.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287           17     73.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total           23                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean    29.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    22.071393                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    24.440404                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::8               1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::24              1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::56              1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                    2380088                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat               3871688                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                   281600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   27046.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              43996.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                       0.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       0.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                    0.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    0.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    38.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                     77                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                    60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                248674800.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  85.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4429413179                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF     426891600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT       2049619                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          661651.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          654998.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          697939.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3                695520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0          446352.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1                441864                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2          470832.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3                469200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         2580364.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         2564390.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2         2616307.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         2631782.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        1134673.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        1091957.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        1187758.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        1207664.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      588450398.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      588464516.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      589485591.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      589384742.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0        6459226560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1        6459214176                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2        6458318496                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3        6458406960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        9055315999.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        9055247902.080000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        9055592923.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        9055611868.799999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          77.890600                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          77.890015                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          77.892982                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          77.893145                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total             3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks         2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total          2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.data           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total                14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks           10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total               10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.data        52692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       105385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       579616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total              737693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       105385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total         105385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks        526924                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total             526924                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks        526924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.data        52692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       105385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       579616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total            1264616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                        14                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                       10                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                     112                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                     80                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM                 3584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys                  3584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys               2560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         3951                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6              23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                  4993867000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5                 112                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5                 80                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples           26                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   226.461538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   198.310585                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    72.364207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     11.54%     11.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     11.54%     23.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287           20     76.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total           26                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean    45.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    43.430682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.653328                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                    2794400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat               4692800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                   358400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                       0.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       0.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                    0.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    0.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    31.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                     98                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                    60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              75.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                208077791.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  82.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4428631887                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF     426891600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT       2830911                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0                674352                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1                707616                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          669513.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          693100.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0                454920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1                477360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2                451656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3                467568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         2571878.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         2740108.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         2524953.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3              2628288                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        1141309.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        1181537.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        1154580.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        1187758.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      589316178.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      589475687.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      588702055.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      589376698.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0        6458467104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1        6458327184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2      6459005808.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3        6458414016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        9055441741.440001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        9055725492.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        9055324566.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        9055583428.799999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          77.891682                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          77.894123                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          77.890674                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          77.892901                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total             3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total          2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.data           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total                12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total                9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       105385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       526924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total              632308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       105385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total         105385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks        474231                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total             474231                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks        474231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       105385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       526924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total            1106539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                        12                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                        9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                      96                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                     72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM                 3072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys                  3072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys               2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                  4231672000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5                  96                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5                 72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples           25                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   215.040000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   183.582037                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    79.743589                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     12.00%     12.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95            1      4.00%     16.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      4.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     12.00%     32.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287           17     68.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total           25                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.292712                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::8               1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::32              1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::56              1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                    2902104                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat               4529304                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                   307200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   30230.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              47180.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                       0.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       0.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                    0.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    0.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    35.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                     83                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                    60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               86.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                201508190.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  85.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4429040043                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF     426891600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT       2422755                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          694915.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1                698544                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          702777.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          762652.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0          468792.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1                471240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2                474096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3          514488.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         2712652.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1              2700672                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         2687692.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         2883878.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        1154580.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        1171169.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        1191075.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        1274434.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      2002815999.360000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      588893794.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      589341623.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      589063098.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      590390605.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0        6458837616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1        6458444784                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2        6458689104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3        6457524624                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        9055578350.400000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        9055644031.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        9055623843.840000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        9056166682.559999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          77.892857                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          77.893422                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          77.893248                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          77.897918                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 140                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                140                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 14                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp                14                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               145                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            33710                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           7333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           28030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4813                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave        74394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        74462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  74462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave        99073                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total        99209                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   99209                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        70000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      1984500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        14000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         7000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      2392500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     16856496                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      3668496                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     14015000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      2406500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      2029500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq         2000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback         9000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         9000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        12500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                             6                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                            2                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime               20500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime              12500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                            17703                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             46120                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   46120    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               46120                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               23500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                  34                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy            16529500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded               28418                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy           18036000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded              28307                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq                119                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp               119                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback              145                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           25618                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          2412                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          28030                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq              123                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp             123                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         2001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        11988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total        14171                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         2003                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        11994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total        14171                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port           23                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port           23                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        12033                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total        14179                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port           23                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port        12013                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total        14170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total                 56691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total        24833                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total        25088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total        23808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         3072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         2560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total        25344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total                  99073                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       166600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      1171971                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1363000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     35865200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      3376800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     39213970                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       172200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      1212006                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                            0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime                  0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy             206400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded                 56                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy             104200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                 23                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy             104200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded                 23                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy             110200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded                 33                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy              89600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded                 24                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy              96200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded                 23                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy             120600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded                 29                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy             133200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded                 38                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy            5645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded               3975                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy           33654400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded              24016                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy            107400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded                31                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy             95200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded                28                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy            129000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded                35                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy            104200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded                23                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy            126200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded                33                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy            117800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded                27                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy          10385360                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded              7066                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy          10401667                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded              7067                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy          10430222                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded              7075                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy          10382198                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded              7065                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq          119                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp          119                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback          145                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        25618                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2412                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        28030                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq          123                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp          123                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave        14171                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave        14171                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave        14179                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave        14170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total        56691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave        24833                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave        25088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave        23808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave        25344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total        99073                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        95200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       476000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       580000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     20494400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1929600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     22424000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        98400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       492000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                     1                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime          400                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy      5805700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded         7105                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy      5801600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded         7104                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy      5779200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded         7104                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy      5812000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded         7105                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy     23392800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded        28273                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             124597                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            117193                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate         7404                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq                14                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp               14                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             1045                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           33733                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          7337                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          41070                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          686                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp          686                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            12392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           12392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        49286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        42439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        54624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          111                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        53888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           58                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          129                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          287                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                217985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       458496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       130576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       120576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        57872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       634624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       179740                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           76                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       690432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       252688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          228                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        23296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        10252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        62720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        27916                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       109568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        49701                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2809113                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     63621287                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    313423910                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        14000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         7000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     33963498                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     17654413                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      3670995                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp     14032491                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq       343000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      6201489                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      9360000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        15147                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          189                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           31                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          343                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           96                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           39                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            7                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     25701485                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      2792496                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        32000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback       856500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      3957990                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1148498                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        12500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq       146000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       784500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        82000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        15816                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                         197                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime           32626973                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime           2886996                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                          140578                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           179769                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                179769    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             179769                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          125543682                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded             179804                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          58214982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              1791                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1005838997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            20.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded             41088                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy             26000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded                26                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          15311492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded               471                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy        1259159332                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            25.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded             41107                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy              8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded                 8                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy         80573985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded             2479                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy        983976299                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization           20.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded            44126                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.occupancy            19499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded               19                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy            71000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded               71                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy         87659982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded             2697                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy        981816768                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization           20.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded            43442                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.occupancy            29000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded               29                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy            94998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded               94                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy          2958995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded               91                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy          2346500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded               83                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy          7963496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded              245                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy          4437498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded              167                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy            98000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         13912493                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              428                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          7571499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              288                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                5                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples          485                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0          485    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total          485                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          485                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0          485    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total          485                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples          485                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0          485    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total          485                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples          485                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0          485    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total          485                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples          485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0              485    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total          485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples          485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0             485    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total          485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                       286                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8008.338235                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        2868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     10.027972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3291.100496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst   916.526130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   603.458984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst   264.002456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   204.588388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst   644.773474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   834.501338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst    72.420963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data    95.509516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst    73.045452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data    24.024678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst    66.210969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data    52.087258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data    33.005300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   466.259167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   344.823667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.401746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.111881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.073664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.032227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.024974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.078708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.101868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.008840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.011659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.008917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.002933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.008082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.006358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.001953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.004029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.056916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.042093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.977580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023             6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8016                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          701                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000732                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    314147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   314147                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst          471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           40                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst         2479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           57                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst         2654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst           91                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           28                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           50                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    9682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             1045                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  1045                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   30                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   158                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          1790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data           322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst           471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data           153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst          2479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data           406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           57                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst          2654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data           430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst            91                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data            29                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst           240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data            61                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     9840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1790                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data          322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst          471                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data          153                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           40                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst         2479                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data          406                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           57                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           29                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst         2654                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data          430                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst           91                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data           29                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          240                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data           61                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          428                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          122                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    9840                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                   119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         6954                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1081                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         8987                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         8572                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              25611                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          720                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          797                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          880                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             2412                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          115                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 130                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data          175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                    249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data           12                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data          175                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                   249                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       561499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       705500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      5423000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      7917500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       621500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        15476999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       391000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       261000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       913000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       130000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       260500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1328000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     14663500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       131000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      16188000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       561499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       771000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1328000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      5423000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     22581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       621500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total         31664999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       561499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       771000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1328000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      5423000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     22581000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       621500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       255000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total        31664999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         2479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           57                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         2697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst           91                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           50                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                9801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1045                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              1045                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         6962                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1089                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         8992                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         8573                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            25641                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          722                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          797                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          882                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           2416                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           98                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               288                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data          159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         2479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data          418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           57                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data          605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst           91                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data           61                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                10089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         1791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data          326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data          159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         2479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data          418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           57                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         2697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data          605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst           91                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data           61                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               10089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.012821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.034014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.015944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.127660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.020408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.009259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.012142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.998851                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.992654                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.999444                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.571429                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.733333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.998830                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.997230                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.997732                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.998344                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.122449                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.851852                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.451389                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.012270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.037736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.028708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.015944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.289256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.020408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.024000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.024680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.012270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.037736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.028708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.015944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.289256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.020408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.024000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.024680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 140374.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       141100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 126116.279070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 131958.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       124300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130058.815126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    56.226632                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    60.129510                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    29.041949                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     7.582828                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        32750                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  5954.545455                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    35.648745                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    90.972222                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   147.727273                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        65000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   108.001658                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 110666.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 127508.695652                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124523.076923                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 140374.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       128500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 110666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 126116.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 129034.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       124300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        85000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127168.670683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 140374.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       128500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 110666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 126116.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 129034.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       124300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        85000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127168.670683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  145                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       145                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           60                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total              119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         6954                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1081                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         8987                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         8572                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         25611                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          720                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          797                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          880                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2412                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          115                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            130                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total               249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total              249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       517499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       650500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      4950000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      7257500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       566500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14167999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    378291764                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     58737825                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    488875664                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    466496165                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       109000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       217000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       596000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1393323418                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     38973999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       705000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     43204000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     47639500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130630499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1196000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     13398500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       109000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14758000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       517499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       705000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1196000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      4950000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     20656000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       566500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       222000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28925999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       517499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       705000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1196000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      4950000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     20656000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       566500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       222000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28925999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data        60000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data        80000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       420000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data        40000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data        20000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data        60000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        40000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data        20000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        20000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        90500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       290500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data        80000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data        80000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       140000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        80000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data        60000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        60000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       210500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       710500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.012821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.034014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.015944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.127660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.020408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.009259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.012142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.998851                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.992654                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.999444                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.571429                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.733333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998830                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.997230                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.997732                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998344                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.122449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.851852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.012270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.037736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.028708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.015944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.289256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.020408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.024000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.024680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.012270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.037736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.028708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.015944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.289256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.020408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.024000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.024680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129374.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       130100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 115116.279070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 120958.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       113300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119058.815126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54399.160771                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54336.563367                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54398.093246                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54420.924522                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        54500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54181.818182                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54403.319589                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54130.554167                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54230.769231                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54208.281054                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54135.795455                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54158.581675                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 99666.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 116508.695652                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113523.076923                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129374.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       117500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 99666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 115116.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 118034.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       113300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        74000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116168.670683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129374.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       117500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 99666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 115116.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 118034.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst       113300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        74000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116168.670683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                          6                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples           59                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           59    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total            59                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           39                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    249.461538                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   222.070169                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    40.832679                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      2.56%      2.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      2.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      2.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      2.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      2.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      2.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      2.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      2.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      2.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      2.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      2.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      2.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      2.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      2.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      2.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      2.56% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           38     97.44%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total           39                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples           485                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     3061443.298969                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    19016250.607540                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07          468     96.49%     96.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            5      1.03%     97.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     97.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            2      0.41%     97.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.41%     98.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            2      0.41%     98.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            3      0.62%     99.38% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.38% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.41%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.21%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total             485                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        3108848.816172      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                     15104                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples          485                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    2005773.195876                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   11579361.791304                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          465     95.88%     95.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     95.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     95.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           11      2.27%     98.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     98.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            4      0.82%     98.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     98.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     98.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.41%     99.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            2      0.41%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.21%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total            485                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       2002515.236529      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                   9729                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples              59                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       95269.491525                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      94372.103485                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      13227.691099                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      1.69%      1.69% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      1.69% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      1.69% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           56     94.92%     96.61% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            1      1.69%     98.31% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            0      0.00%     98.31% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%     98.31% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%     98.31% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      1.69%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total                59                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples                  59                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           54691542.372881                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          189207531.990972                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows                59    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value            376000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value        1132499000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                    59                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples                39                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         128762512.820513                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        284742969.110544                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows              39    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          490000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1394082000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                  39                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                    98                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             51175897.959184                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            187502555.371150                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows                  98    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value              376000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value          1394082000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                      98                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples          485                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.002062                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.045408                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0              484     99.79%     99.79% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1                1      0.21%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total          485                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples          485                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0             485    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total          485                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples               485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             0.119588                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            0.742822                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0                     468     96.49%     96.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::1                       5      1.03%     97.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2                       2      0.41%     97.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::3                       2      0.41%     98.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4                       2      0.41%     98.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::5                       3      0.62%     99.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6                       2      0.41%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::7                       0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8                       1      0.21%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                 485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples              485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.078351                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.452319                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                    465     95.88%     95.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                     11      2.27%     98.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                      4      0.82%     98.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                      2      0.41%     99.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                      2      0.41%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                      1      0.21%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total                485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples           61                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           61    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total            61                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           37                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           37    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total           37                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples           485                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     3219793.814433                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    20064810.793745                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07          471     97.11%     97.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            2      0.41%     97.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     97.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     97.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.21%     97.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     97.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            3      0.62%     98.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            5      1.03%     99.38% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.38% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.41%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.21%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total             485                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        3214233.521805      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                     15616                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples          485                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1900206.185567                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   10232581.448388                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          463     95.46%     95.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     95.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     95.46% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           14      2.89%     98.35% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     98.35% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.35% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            4      0.82%     99.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.41%     99.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            2      0.41%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total            485                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       1949617.054209      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                   9472                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples              61                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       101621.311475                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      100270.281650                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      19222.782618                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           52     85.25%     85.25% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            2      3.28%     88.52% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            2      3.28%     91.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            1      1.64%     93.44% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            2      3.28%     96.72% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            2      3.28%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total                61                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples                  61                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           52885409.836066                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          206698972.463692                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows                61    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value            490000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value        1133479000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                    61                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples                37                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         134225486.486486                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        341500738.762063                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows              37    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          159000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1744202000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                  37                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                    98                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             50676969.387755                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            207774860.547604                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows                  98    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value              159000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value          1744202000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                      98                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples          485                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0              485    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total          485                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples          485                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0             485    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total          485                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples               485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             0.125773                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            0.783782                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0                     471     97.11%     97.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::1                       2      0.41%     97.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2                       0      0.00%     97.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::3                       1      0.21%     97.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4                       3      0.62%     98.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::5                       5      1.03%     99.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6                       2      0.41%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::7                       1      0.21%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                 485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples              485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.074227                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.399710                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                    463     95.46%     95.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                     14      2.89%     98.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                      4      0.82%     99.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                      2      0.41%     99.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                      2      0.41%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total                485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples           63                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           63    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total            63                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           30                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           30    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total           30                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples           485                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     3325360.824742                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    20182181.510952                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07          467     96.29%     96.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            7      1.44%     97.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     97.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     97.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.21%     97.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     97.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            2      0.41%     98.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            5      1.03%     99.38% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.38% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            2      0.41%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.21%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total             485                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        3319618.227437      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                     16128                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples          485                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    1583505.154639                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   9024322.968726                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          466     96.08%     96.08% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     96.08% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     96.08% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           12      2.47%     98.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     98.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            4      0.82%     99.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.38% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.41%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.21%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total            485                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       1580770.584494      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                   7680                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples              63                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       98679.365079                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      96986.120597                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      21050.631427                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      1.59%      1.59% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      1.59% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      1.59% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           55     87.30%     88.89% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            2      3.17%     92.06% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            3      4.76%     96.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%     96.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      1.59%     98.41% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%     98.41% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%     98.41% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     98.41% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      1.59%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total                63                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples                  63                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           79185730.158730                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          284016932.974484                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows                63    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value            348000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value        1768278000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                    63                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples                30                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         147669266.666667                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        321097449.980524                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows              30    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          490000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1360502000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                  30                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                    93                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             52026623.655914                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            186666963.469292                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows                  93    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value              348000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value          1359880000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                      93                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples          485                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0              485    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total          485                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples          485                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0             485    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total          485                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples               485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             0.129897                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            0.788366                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0                     467     96.29%     96.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::1                       7      1.44%     97.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2                       0      0.00%     97.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::3                       1      0.21%     97.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4                       2      0.41%     98.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::5                       5      1.03%     99.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6                       2      0.41%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::7                       0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8                       1      0.21%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                 485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples              485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.061856                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.352513                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                    466     96.08%     96.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                     12      2.47%     98.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                      4      0.82%     99.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                      2      0.41%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                      1      0.21%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total                485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples           59                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           59    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total            59                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           40                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           40    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total           40                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples           485                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     3114226.804124                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    19255375.541975                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07          469     96.70%     96.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            3      0.62%     97.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     97.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            3      0.62%     97.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.41%     98.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            1      0.21%     98.56% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            3      0.62%     99.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            3      0.62%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      0.21%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total             485                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        3108848.816172      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                     15104                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples          485                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    2058556.701031                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   11273703.860712                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          464     95.67%     95.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     95.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     95.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           10      2.06%     97.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     97.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     97.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            7      1.44%     99.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     99.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     99.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.41%     99.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     99.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.21%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.21%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total            485                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       2107694.112659      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                  10240                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples              59                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       101323.728814                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      99726.493927                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      22464.802654                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           51     86.44%     86.44% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            2      3.39%     89.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            3      5.08%     94.92% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%     94.92% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%     94.92% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            2      3.39%     98.31% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%     98.31% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     98.31% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      1.69%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total                59                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples                  59                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           54697203.389831                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          191062773.536720                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows                59    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value            233000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value        1135684000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                    59                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples                40                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean            125328400                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        293918041.528133                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows              40    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          352000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1293686000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                  40                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                    99                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             50595252.525253                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            193332639.006589                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows                  99    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value              233000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value          1293686000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                      99                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples          485                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0              485    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total          485                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples          485                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0             485    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total          485                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples               485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             0.121649                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            0.752163                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0                     469     96.70%     96.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::1                       3      0.62%     97.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2                       3      0.62%     97.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::3                       2      0.41%     98.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4                       1      0.21%     98.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::5                       3      0.62%     99.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6                       3      0.62%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::7                       1      0.21%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                 485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples              485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.080412                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.440379                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                    464     95.67%     95.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                     10      2.06%     97.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                      7      1.44%     99.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                      2      0.41%     99.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                      1      0.21%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                      1      0.21%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total                485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples         4932                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271         4932    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total           4932                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          146                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     254.253425                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    246.459278                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     21.103950                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.68%      0.68% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.68% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.68% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.68% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.68% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.68% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.68% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.68% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.68% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.68% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.68% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.68% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.68% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.68% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.68% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.68% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271          145     99.32%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total           146                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples            485                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      12720824.742268                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     76120367.921743                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07          470     96.91%     96.91% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08            3      0.62%     97.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     97.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     97.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08            2      0.41%     97.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     97.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08            5      1.03%     98.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.21%     99.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            3      0.62%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            1      0.21%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total              485                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         12751549.381585      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                      61952                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           485                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     7548041.237113                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    37251580.770696                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07          466     96.08%     96.08% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            3      0.62%     96.70% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            1      0.21%     96.91% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            7      1.44%     98.35% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     98.35% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            1      0.21%     98.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            3      0.62%     99.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     99.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            3      0.62%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.21%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total             485                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        7640596.987891      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                   37121                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples              242                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        107946.280992                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       106625.123458                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       19445.241944                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            2      0.83%      0.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%      0.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          217     89.67%     90.50% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            8      3.31%     93.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            4      1.65%     95.45% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            2      0.83%     96.28% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            3      1.24%     97.52% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            4      1.65%     99.17% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.17% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%     99.17% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            2      0.83%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total                242                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20500                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples                 4932                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            1011518.957826                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           2363677.316084                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000                 1      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000                2      0.04%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000                0      0.00%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000                0      0.00%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000                0      0.00%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000                1      0.02%      0.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000                1      0.02%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000                0      0.00%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000                0      0.00%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000                0      0.00%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000                0      0.00%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000                0      0.00%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000                0      0.00%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000                0      0.00%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000                0      0.00%      0.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000                1      0.02%      0.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000                0      0.00%      0.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000                0      0.00%      0.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000               0      0.00%      0.12% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows               4926     99.88%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value               9000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value          150801500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                   4932                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples                146                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          33276647.260274                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         114440939.552124                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000              2      1.37%      1.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              0      0.00%      1.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000              0      0.00%      1.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000              0      0.00%      1.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000              0      0.00%      1.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000              0      0.00%      1.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000              0      0.00%      1.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000              0      0.00%      1.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000              0      0.00%      1.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000              0      0.00%      1.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000              0      0.00%      1.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000              0      0.00%      1.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              0      0.00%      1.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              0      0.00%      1.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000              1      0.68%      2.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000              0      0.00%      2.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000             0      0.00%      2.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows              143     97.95%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value        918458500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                  146                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                   5078                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              956752.756991                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             952649.020811                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                       1      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                   1      0.02%      0.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000                  2      0.04%      0.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000                  4      0.08%      0.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000                  3      0.06%      0.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000                  0      0.00%      0.22% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000                  2      0.04%      0.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000                  1      0.02%      0.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000                  3      0.06%      0.33% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000                  5      0.10%      0.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000                  2      0.04%      0.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000                  4      0.08%      0.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000                  1      0.02%      0.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000                  0      0.00%      0.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000                  2      0.04%      0.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000                  0      0.00%      0.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                  1      0.02%      0.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                  2      0.04%      0.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                  1      0.02%      0.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                 2      0.04%      0.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                 5041     99.27%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                 2500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             11814000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                     5078                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples          485                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.002062                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.045408                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0               484     99.79%     99.79% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1                 1      0.21%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total           485                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples          485                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0              485    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total          485                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples                485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean             10.164948                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             4.438469                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-1                      4      0.82%      0.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::2-3                      4      0.82%      1.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::4-5                     74     15.26%     16.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::6-7                     69     14.23%     31.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-9                    100     20.62%     51.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::10-11                   50     10.31%     62.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::12-13                   47      9.69%     71.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::14-15                   71     14.64%     86.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-17                   46      9.48%     95.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::18-19                   15      3.09%     98.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::20-21                    2      0.41%     99.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::22-23                    2      0.41%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-25                    0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::26-27                    0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::28-29                    1      0.21%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::30-31                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-33                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::34-35                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::36-37                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::38-39                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                  485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples               485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.294845                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            1.455140                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0                     445     91.75%     91.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::1                      21      4.33%     96.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2                       3      0.62%     96.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::3                       1      0.21%     96.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4                       4      0.82%     97.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::5                       3      0.62%     98.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6                       0      0.00%     98.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::7                       1      0.21%     98.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8                       2      0.41%     98.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::9                       1      0.21%     99.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10                      0      0.00%     99.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::11                      0      0.00%     99.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12                      3      0.62%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::13                      0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14                      1      0.21%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                 485                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                      555658                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         5                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                     100994                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        8                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  555663                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 101002                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                           656652                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                             13                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                       656665                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                     2193253                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                 2193253                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                          2193253                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                      2193253                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                         9712879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2137528                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2198521                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              1713432                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      17012                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       326301                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     1713432                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            2322822                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           1140842                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             8271969                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1406332                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       661845                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     555818                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    106027                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles               4736.109827                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              9708142.890173                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.999512                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000488                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           419959                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  1541861     69.96%     69.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                      68      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  555818     25.22%     95.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 106027      4.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2203776                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       8                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1791                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            2409132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1791                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1345.132328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4388297                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4388297                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst      2191462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2191462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst      2191462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2191462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst      2191462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2191462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     25528982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     25528982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     25528982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     25528982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     25528982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     25528982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst      2193253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2193253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst      2193253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2193253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst      2193253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2193253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14254.037968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14254.037968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14254.037968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14254.037968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14254.037968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14254.037968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     21932018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21932018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     21932018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     21932018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     21932018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     21932018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 12245.682859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12245.682859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 12245.682859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12245.682859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 12245.682859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12245.682859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry                81                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          168.868317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             405866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1133.703911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   168.868317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.659642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.659642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.753906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1343028                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1343028                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       521477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         521477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        82404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         82404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           31                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           31                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         7413                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7413                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         3768                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3768                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data       603881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          603881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data       603912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         603912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        25477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        25477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        12160                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        12160                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           25                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           25                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1233                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1233                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         2214                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2214                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data        37637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         37637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data        37662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        37662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1124974457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1124974457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    527485174                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    527485174                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      8223384                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      8223384                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     64844484                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     64844484                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3277000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      3277000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1652459631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1652459631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1652459631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1652459631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       546954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       546954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        94564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        94564                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           56                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           56                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         8646                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8646                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         5982                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         5982                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data       641518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       641518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data       641574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       641574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.046580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.128590                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.128590                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.446429                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.446429                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.142609                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.142609                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.370110                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.370110                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.058669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.058669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.058703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.058703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 44156.472779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44156.472779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 43378.714967                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43378.714967                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  6669.411192                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6669.411192                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 29288.384824                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29288.384824                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 43905.189866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43905.189866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 43876.045643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43876.045643                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        25477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        12160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           25                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1211                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1211                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         2211                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         2211                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        37637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        37662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1064719543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1064719543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    501946826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    501946826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       270003                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       270003                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      5479615                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5479615                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     61058516                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61058516                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2625000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2625000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1566666369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1566666369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1566936372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1566936372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data        63000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        63000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       127000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       127000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.046580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.128590                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.128590                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.446429                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446429                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.140065                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140065                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.369609                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.369609                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.058669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.058703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 41791.401774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41791.401774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 41278.521875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41278.521875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10800.120000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10800.120000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  4524.867878                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4524.867878                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 27615.791949                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27615.791949                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 41625.697293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41625.697293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 41605.235303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41605.235303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry              3995                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                      573128                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                      26616                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        2                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  573130                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  26618                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                           599744                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                       599748                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     2277906                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 2277906                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          2277906                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      2277906                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                         9716779                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    2268116                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      2278541                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              1725985                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                       4261                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       367693                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     1725985                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            2100583                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           1152015                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             8557967                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            1577660                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                       600263                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     573257                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     27006                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              13381.042620                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              9703397.957380                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.998623                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.001377                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           463376                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  1678807     73.66%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                      48      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                  573257     25.15%     98.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  27006      1.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   2279118                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      39                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              471                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            2476812                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              471                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          5258.624204                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4556283                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         4556283                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst      2277435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2277435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst      2277435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         2277435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst      2277435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        2277435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          471                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          471                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      7960492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7960492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      7960492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7960492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      7960492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7960492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst      2277906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2277906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst      2277906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      2277906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst      2277906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      2277906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 16901.256900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16901.256900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 16901.256900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16901.256900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 16901.256900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16901.256900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      7010508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7010508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      7010508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7010508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      7010508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7010508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14884.305732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14884.305732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14884.305732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14884.305732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14884.305732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14884.305732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry                86                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              170                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          187.010323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              91068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              170                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           535.694118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   187.010323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.730509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.730509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.730469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1237282                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1237282                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       535284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         535284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        22751                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         22751                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           33                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           33                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          130                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          130                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           78                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           78                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data       558035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          558035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data       558068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         558068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        35741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        35741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         3382                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3382                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           26                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           26                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1911                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1911                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data        39123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         39123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data        39149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        39149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1612142343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1612142343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     94711494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     94711494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     24696995                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     24696995                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2047500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2047500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1706853837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1706853837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1706853837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1706853837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       571025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       571025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        26133                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        26133                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           59                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           59                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2041                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2041                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          196                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          196                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data       597158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       597158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data       597217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       597217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.062591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.129415                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.129415                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.440678                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.440678                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.936306                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.936306                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.602041                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.602041                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.065515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.065515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.065552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.065552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 45106.246132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45106.246132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 28004.581313                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28004.581313                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 12923.597593                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12923.597593                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 17351.694915                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17351.694915                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 43627.887355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43627.887355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 43598.912795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43598.912795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           67                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               67                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        35741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         3382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           26                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1889                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1889                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           65                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        39123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        39149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1519394657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1519394657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     87943506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87943506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       402500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       402500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     20706505                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20706505                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1917500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1917500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1607338163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1607338163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1607740663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1607740663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data        96000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        96000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data        55500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        55500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       151500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       151500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.062591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.129415                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.129415                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.440678                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440678                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.925527                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925527                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.331633                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331633                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.065515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.065552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 42511.251980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42511.251980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 26003.402129                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26003.402129                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 15480.769231                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15480.769231                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10961.622552                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10961.622552                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        29500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        29500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 41084.225724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41084.225724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 41067.221717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41067.221717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry              6160                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                      533614                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                        23                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                     143208                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       17                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  533637                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                 143225                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                           676822                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                             40                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                       676862                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                     2154305                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                        10                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                 2154315                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                          2154305                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                             10                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                      2154315                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                         9715881                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    2073494                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      2160570                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              1714366                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      21545                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       303142                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     1714366                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            2423206                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           1138095                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             8087641                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1343803                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       682646                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     533780                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    148866                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              10941.013638                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              9704939.986362                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.998874                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.001126                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           393450                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  1483795     68.49%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                      53      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  533780     24.64%     93.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 148866      6.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   2166501                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      24                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             2479                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            2267131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           914.534490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4311089                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         4311089                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst      2151826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2151826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst      2151826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         2151826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst      2151826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        2151826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          2479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         2479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     34840485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34840485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     34840485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     34840485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     34840485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     34840485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst      2154305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2154305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst      2154305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      2154305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst      2154305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      2154305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14054.249697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14054.249697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14054.249697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14054.249697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14054.249697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14054.249697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         2479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     29869515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29869515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     29869515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     29869515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     29869515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     29869515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 12049.017749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12049.017749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 12049.017749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12049.017749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 12049.017749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12049.017749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry               111                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements              522                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          209.360906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs              92766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           177.712644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   209.360906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.817816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.817816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1383040                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1383040                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data       499932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         499932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data       120962                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        120962                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           70                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           70                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         7696                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7696                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         3765                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3765                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data       620894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          620894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data       620964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         620964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        24650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        24650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        15272                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        15272                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           33                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           33                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         1229                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1229                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         2964                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2964                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data        39922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         39922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data        39955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        39955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    975212284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    975212284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    680084738                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    680084738                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      7854813                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      7854813                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     75351464                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     75351464                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2028000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      2028000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   1655297022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1655297022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   1655297022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1655297022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data       524582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       524582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data       136234                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       136234                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          103                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          103                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         8925                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8925                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         6729                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6729                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data       660816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       660816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data       660919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       660919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.046990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.112101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.112101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.320388                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.320388                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.137703                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.137703                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.440481                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.440481                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.060413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.060454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 39562.364462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39562.364462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 44531.478392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44531.478392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  6391.222945                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6391.222945                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 25422.221323                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25422.221323                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 41463.278944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41463.278944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 41429.033212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41429.033212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          284                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              284                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        24650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        15272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        15272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           33                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1200                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1200                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         2964                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         2964                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        39922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        39955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    917011716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    917011716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data    648056262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    648056262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       226501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       226501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      5065686                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5065686                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     69799536                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69799536                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1616000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1616000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   1565067978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1565067978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   1565294479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1565294479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data        94500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        94500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       222500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       222500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.046990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.112101                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112101                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.320388                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.320388                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.134454                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134454                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.440481                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440481                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.060413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.060454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 37201.286653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37201.286653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 42434.275930                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42434.275930                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  6863.666667                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6863.666667                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  4221.405000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4221.405000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 23549.101215                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23549.101215                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 39203.145584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39203.145584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 39176.435465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39176.435465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2885                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                      519620                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                        36                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                     145336                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       18                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                  519656                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                 145354                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                           664956                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                             54                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                       665010                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                     2096031                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                        15                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                 2096046                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                          2096031                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                             15                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                      2096046                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                         9716780                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2017867                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      2108387                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              1676960                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      22054                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       294684                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     1676960                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            2387352                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           1110361                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             7894535                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1301065                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       672217                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     519991                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    152226                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              15998.043997                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              9700781.956003                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.998354                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.001646                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           382972                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  1443527     68.23%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                      75      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  519991     24.58%     92.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 152226      7.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   2115819                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      38                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             2697                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs            2128722                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           789.292547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4194759                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses         4194759                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst      2093334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2093334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst      2093334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total         2093334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst      2093334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total        2093334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst         2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     43082482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     43082482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     43082482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     43082482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     43082482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     43082482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst      2096031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2096031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst      2096031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total      2096031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst      2096031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total      2096031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15974.223953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15974.223953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15974.223953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15974.223953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 15974.223953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15974.223953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         2697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         2697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     37673518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37673518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     37673518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37673518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     37673518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37673518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.001287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 13968.675565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13968.675565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 13968.675565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13968.675565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 13968.675565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13968.675565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry               122                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              681                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          191.526238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              93986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           138.011747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   191.526238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.748149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.748149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.734375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1359247                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1359247                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data       486219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         486219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data       123154                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        123154                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          144                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          144                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         7756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         3945                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3945                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data       609373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          609373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data       609517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         609517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        24267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        24267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        15216                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        15216                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           45                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           45                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         1187                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1187                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         2758                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2758                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data        39483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         39483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data        39528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        39528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1011573739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1011573739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    673795385                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    673795385                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     16058646                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     16058646                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     76438998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     76438998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1564500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      1564500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1685369124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1685369124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1685369124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1685369124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data       510486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       510486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data       138370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       138370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          189                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          189                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         8943                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8943                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         6703                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6703                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data       648856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       648856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data       649045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       649045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.047537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.109966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.109966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.132730                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.132730                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.411458                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.411458                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.060850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.060902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 41685.158404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41685.158404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 44282.031086                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44282.031086                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 13528.766639                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13528.766639                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 27715.372734                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27715.372734                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 42685.943925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42685.943925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 42637.348816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42637.348816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          382                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              382                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        24267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        15215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        15215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           45                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1154                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1154                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         2757                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         2757                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        39482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        39527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    955737261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    955737261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    641918115                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    641918115                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1284000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1284000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     13261854                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13261854                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     71231002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71231002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1256500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1256500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1597655376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1597655376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   1598939376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1598939376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        63000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        63000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       127000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       127000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.047537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.109959                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.109959                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.129039                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.129039                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.411308                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411308                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.060849                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060849                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.060900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 39384.236247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39384.236247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 42189.820243                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42189.820243                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 28533.333333                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28533.333333                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 11492.074523                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11492.074523                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 25836.417120                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25836.417120                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 40465.411479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40465.411479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 40451.827257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40451.827257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry              2097                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                        1575                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                       1241                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                    1575                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                   1241                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                             2816                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                         2816                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                        6788                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                    6788                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                             6788                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                         6788                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                        20011482                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                       6737                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                         8021                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                 7483                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                        481                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts          765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                        7483                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads              13113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes              5166                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads               29772                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes               2820                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                         3101                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                       1613                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                      1488                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              19946789.273095                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              64692.726905                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.003233                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.996767                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                             1248                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                     5196     62.39%     62.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                      31      0.37%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                    1613     19.37%     82.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                   1488     17.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                      8328                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements               91                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs               4099                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs               91                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs            45.043956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses            13667                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses           13667                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst         6697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           6697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst         6697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total            6697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst         6697                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total           6697                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total            91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst           91                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total           91                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      1685495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1685495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      1685495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      1685495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      1685495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      1685495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst         6788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst         6788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total         6788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst         6788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total         6788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.013406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.013406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.013406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 18521.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18521.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 18521.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18521.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 18521.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18521.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      1500505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1500505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      1500505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1500505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst      1500505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1500505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.013406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.013406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.013406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 16489.065934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16489.065934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 16489.065934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16489.065934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 16489.065934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16489.065934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                25                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements               40                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          190.662341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               40                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.050000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   190.662341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.744775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.744775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             5698                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses            5698                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         1482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           1482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         1217                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          1217                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           11                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           11                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data         2699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total            2699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data         2710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total           2710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data           78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total            78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1229000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1229000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       269500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       269500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        11000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        11000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1498500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      1498500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1498500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      1498500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         1549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         1228                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1228                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           12                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.043254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.008958                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008958                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.083333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.083333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.083333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.083333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.083333                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.083333                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.028088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.028326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 18343.283582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18343.283582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        24500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        24500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 19211.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19211.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 18968.354430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18968.354430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           11                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total               11                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           78                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           79                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1095000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1095000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       247500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       247500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        11000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1342500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1342500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1353500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1353500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       116500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       116500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data       148000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       148000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.043254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.008958                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008958                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.028088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.028326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 16343.283582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16343.283582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        22500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        22500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        11000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         2000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 17211.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17211.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 17132.911392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17132.911392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                31                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                        3044                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                       2394                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                    3044                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                   2394                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                             5438                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                         5438                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                       13057                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                   13057                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                            13057                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                        13057                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                        19977502                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                      12934                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                        15265                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                14308                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                        912                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts         1438                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                       14308                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads              25075                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes              9763                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads               57036                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes               5248                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                         6048                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                       3147                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                      2901                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              19839986.682296                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              137515.317704                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.006884                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.993116                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                             2352                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                     9822     61.69%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                      47      0.30%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 4      0.03%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                    3147     19.77%     81.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                   2901     18.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                     15921                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              245                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs              10567                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs            43.130612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses            26359                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses           26359                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst        12812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          12812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst        12812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total           12812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst        12812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total          12812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst          245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst          245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst          245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      4941996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4941996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      4941996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4941996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      4941996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4941996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        13057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        13057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        13057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total        13057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        13057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total        13057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.018764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.018764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.018764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 20171.412245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20171.412245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 20171.412245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20171.412245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 20171.412245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20171.412245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      4450004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4450004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      4450004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4450004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst      4450004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4450004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.018764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.018764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.018764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 18163.281633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18163.281633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 18163.281633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18163.281633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 18163.281633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18163.281633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                52                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              110                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          201.180382                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs               3687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              110                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            33.518182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   201.180382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.785861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.785861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            11006                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses           11006                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         2858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           2858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         2322                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          2322                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           30                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           30                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data         5180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total            5180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data         5207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total           5207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           32                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           32                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data          145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total           145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data          148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total          148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1508499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1508499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       594499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       594499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       237000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       237000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       295500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       295500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2102998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      2102998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2102998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      2102998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2354                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         2354                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           30                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           30                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           39                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           39                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data         5325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total         5325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data         5355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.038034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.013594                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013594                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.100000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.100000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.243902                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.243902                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.230769                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.230769                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.027230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.027638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 13349.548673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13349.548673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 18578.093750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18578.093750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        23700                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        23700                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 32833.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32833.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 14503.434483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14503.434483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 14209.445946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14209.445946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           48                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total               48                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           32                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1281501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1281501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       529501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       529501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        33000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       190000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       190000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       277500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       277500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1811002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1811002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1844002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1844002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        95500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        95500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.038034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.013594                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013594                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.170732                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170732                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.230769                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230769                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.027230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.027638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11340.716814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11340.716814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 16546.906250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16546.906250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        11000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 27142.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27142.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 30833.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30833.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 12489.668966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12489.668966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 12459.472973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12459.472973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                29                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                          65                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                         63                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                      65                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                     63                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                              128                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                          128                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                         287                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                     287                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                              287                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                          287                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                        20030839                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                        281                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                          371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                  342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                         32                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts           25                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                         342                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes               248                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads                1343                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes                 87                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                          134                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                         68                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                        66                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              20028965.124843                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles               1873.875157                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.000094                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.999906                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                               58                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                      245     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                      68     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                     66     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                       379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses              574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses             574                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total             287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total            287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          182.629807                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   182.629807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.713398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.713398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.710938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses             259                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           58                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             58                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            60                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total             118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data          120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total            120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        22000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        22000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total        21500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        43500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total        43500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        43500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total        43500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total          124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  7333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        10875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        16000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        16000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        35500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        35500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        35500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        35500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  5333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        4195                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         3                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       3637                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    4198                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   3637                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             7832                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         7835                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       18199                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   18199                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            18199                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        18199                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                         9716856                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      17838                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        21579                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                20020                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       1294                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         1975                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       20020                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              35991                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             13799                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               79788                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               7099                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         8516                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       4331                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      4185                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              9614387.554568                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              102468.445432                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.010545                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.989455                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             3350                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    13739     61.53%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      63      0.28%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                10      0.04%     61.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    4331     19.40%     81.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   4185     18.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     22328                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              428                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs             129782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              428                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs           303.228972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            36826                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           36826                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        17771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          17771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        17771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           17771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        17771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          17771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          428                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          428                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      7123493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7123493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      7123493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7123493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      7123493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7123493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        18199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        18199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        18199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        18199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        18199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        18199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 16643.675234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16643.675234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 16643.675234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16643.675234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 16643.675234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16643.675234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      6262507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6262507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      6262507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6262507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      6262507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6262507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 14632.025701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14632.025701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 14632.025701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14632.025701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 14632.025701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14632.025701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                67                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              147                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          213.039481                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               5771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            39.258503                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   213.039481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.832185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.832185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.824219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            15876                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           15876                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         3860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           3860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         3499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           39                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           39                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           70                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           70                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           66                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           66                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         7359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            7359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         7398                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           7398                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           52                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           52                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3065499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3065499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1512500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1512500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       134000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       134000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       397000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       397000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4577999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4577999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4577999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4577999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         4056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3551                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3551                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           49                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           49                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         7607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         7656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.048323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.014644                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014644                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.204082                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.204082                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.195122                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.195122                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.032602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.033699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 15640.301020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15640.301020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 29086.538462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29086.538462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  9571.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9571.428571                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24812.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24812.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18459.673387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18459.673387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 17744.182171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17744.182171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           69                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               69                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           52                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2672501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2672501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1408500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1408500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        95000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        95000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        31000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        31000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       365000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       365000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4081001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4081001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4176001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4176001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       256000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       256000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       144500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       144500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       400500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       400500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.048323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.014644                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014644                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.204082                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204082                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.047619                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047619                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.195122                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.195122                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.032602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.033699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 13635.209184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13635.209184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 27086.538462                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27086.538462                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         9500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         7750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 22812.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22812.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16455.649194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16455.649194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16186.050388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16186.050388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                67                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_task 4858390000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -43776633.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       44036697.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -29531856.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       29707296.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -167532518.400000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       168490982.400000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -74019225.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       74480394.240000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -122823590584.320099
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       128180223959.040024
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -36150035299.200005
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       37708239556.800011
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -396059673504.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       413348908560.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.004858
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       108598998.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       69475184.844884
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       6872896.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       128.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       1666765.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       2192005.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       442765.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       8534795.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       9308716.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       4570289.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       128.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       67591.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       6872896.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       128.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       8759851.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       25.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       8759826.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       8202.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       2161684.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       402495.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       2614502.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       114.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       110514.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       46126.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       265092
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       242.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       145.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       430.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       1678.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       924.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       119.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
