sim_seconds                                  0.000793                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   792902000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3091103799500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               38604265                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 46084187                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              667663343                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2567048                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    45844866                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      54728154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data         1261                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total         1261                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total         1261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total             4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks         3072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total          3072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total                19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks           12                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total               12                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       968594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       968594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2260052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1614323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total             6134428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       968594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total        1291458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks       3874375                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total            3874375                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks       3874375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       968594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       968594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2260052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1614323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total           10008803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                        19                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                       12                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                     152                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                     96                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM                 4608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                  3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys                  4864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys               3072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           29                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0              25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                  2224724000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5                 152                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5                 96                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples           35                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.428571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   195.279775                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    71.614280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3      8.57%      8.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127            1      2.86%     11.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      5.71%     17.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191            1      2.86%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3      8.57%     28.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287           25     71.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total           35                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    31.874261                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.664102                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::8               1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::48              2     50.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::56              1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24              4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                    3592800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat               6033600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                   460800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                       5.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       3.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                    6.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    3.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    35.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                    126                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                    79                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              82.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                 71765290.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  85.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE    718752051                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF      69710400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT       4017248                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0          670118.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1          621129.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          618105.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3                701568                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0                452064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1                419016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2                416976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3                473280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0              2615808                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         2344742.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2              2328768                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         2619801.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        1145041.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        1058365.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        1061683.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        1224253.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      553928261.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1         554115240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      554149002.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      554726845.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0        6073862736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1        6073698720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2        6073669104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3        6073162224                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        8516147427.840000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        8515730611.200000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        8515717036.799999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        8516381370.240001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          77.894386                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          77.890574                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          77.890449                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          77.896526                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total             4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks         2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total          2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total                16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total                8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       968594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1937188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       322865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1614323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total             5165834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total         322865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks       2582917                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total            2582917                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks       2582917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       968594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1937188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       322865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1614323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total            7748751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                        16                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                        8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                     128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                     64                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM                 4096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys                  4096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys               2048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           56                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                  2291088000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5                 128                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5                 64                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples           28                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.571429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   201.960716                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.062104                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     10.71%     10.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     10.71%     21.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287           22     78.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total           28                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean    37.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    35.851238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    12.220202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::24              1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::40              1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::48              1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                    3614720                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat               5784320                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                   409600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   28240.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              45190.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                       5.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       2.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                    5.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    2.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    30.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                    112                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                    60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              93.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                 95462000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  89.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE    720258667                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF      69710400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT       2510632                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0                692496                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1                650160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          685843.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          715478.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0                467160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1                438600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2          462672.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3                482664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         2632281.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         2528947.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         2592844.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3              2753088                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        1174487.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        1078686.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        1177804.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        1201029.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      554687337.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      554304790.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      555062005.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      554667528.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0        6073196880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1      6073532448.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2        6072868224                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3        6073214256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0          8516324040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        8516007029.760001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2          8516322792                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        8516507442.240000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          77.896001                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          77.893102                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          77.895990                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          77.897679                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total             4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total          1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total                16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks            6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total                6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       968594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       645729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1614323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1937188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total             5165834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       645729                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total         645729                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks       1937188                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total            1937188                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks       1937188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       968594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       645729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1614323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1937188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total            7103022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                        16                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                        6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                     128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                     48                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM                 4096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys                  4096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys               1536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           43                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                  2310374000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5                 128                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5                 48                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   234.666667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   212.887325                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    63.065643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2      8.33%      8.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2      8.33%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287           20     83.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total           24                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean           52                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    50.596443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.970563                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                    3566072                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat               5735672                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                   409600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   27859.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              44809.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                       5.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       1.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                    5.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    1.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    34.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                    112                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                105017000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  86.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE    720639744                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF      69710400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT       2129555                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          728179.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1                680400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          643507.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3                734832                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0          491232.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1                459000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2          434112.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3                495720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0              2865408                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1         2671718.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2              2436096                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         2800012.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        1218032.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        1121402.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        1101496.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        1220935.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      555017955.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      553959342.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      554494449.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      555563131.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0        6072906864                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1        6073835472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2        6073366080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3        6072428640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        8516701069.440001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        8516200733.760000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        8515949138.880000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        8516716669.440000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          77.899450                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          77.894874                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          77.892572                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          77.899593                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total             6912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks         4096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total          4096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total                27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks           16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total               16                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       968594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       968594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3228646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       322865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total             8717345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       968594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total        1291458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks       5165834                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total            5165834                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks       5165834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       968594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       968594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3228646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       322865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total           13883179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                        27                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                       16                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                     216                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                    128                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM                 6656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                  4352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys                  6912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys               4096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           42                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4              56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                  2314585000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5                 216                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5                128                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples           48                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   203.295265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    68.706385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63            5     10.42%     10.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255            5     10.42%     20.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287           38     79.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total           48                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean    38.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    36.238950                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.526322                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            2     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            1     16.67%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            1     16.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            1     16.67%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    22.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    22.431726                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.265986                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::16              1     16.67%     16.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24              5     83.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                    5742664                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat               9268264                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                   665600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   27608.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              44558.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                       8.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       5.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                    8.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    5.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    33.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                    182                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                   114                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              89.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                 53827558.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  88.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE    718702398                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF      69710400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT       4066901                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0                828576                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          779587.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2                762048                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          838252.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0                558960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1                525912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2                514080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3                565488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         3178406.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1         2956262.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         2860915.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         3243302.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        1420001.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        1300976.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        1290608.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        1403412.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      555977306.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      555755636.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      555440667.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      556202315.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0      6072065328.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1        6072259776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2        6072536064                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3        6071867952                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        8517501976.320002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        8517051548.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        8516877781.440001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        8517594120.960001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          77.906776                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          77.902656                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          77.901066                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          77.907619                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total             4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total          2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total                19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total                9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       322865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       322865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      2582917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       645729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2260052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total             6134428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       322865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       645729                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total         968594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks       2905782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total            2905782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks       2905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       322865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       322865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      2582917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       645729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2260052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total            9040209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                        19                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                        9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                     152                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                     72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM                 4864                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys                  4864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys               2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           32                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0              48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                  2304100000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5                 152                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5                 72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples           30                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   238.933333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   220.885820                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    56.830622                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2      6.67%      6.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2      6.67%     13.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287           26     86.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total           30                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean    53.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    51.706433                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.653328                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                    4449032                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat               7025432                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                   486400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   29269.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              46219.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                       6.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       2.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                    6.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    2.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    28.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                    133                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                    61                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              84.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                 82289285.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  86.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE    720223193                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF      69710400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT       2546106                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          718502.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          658627.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          636249.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          699148.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0                484704                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1          444312.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2                429216                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3                471648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         2875891.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         2512972.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         2392665.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         2687692.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        1164533.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        1121402.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        1078686.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        1191075.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      554447116.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      554254885.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      554399400.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      554403669.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0        6073407600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1        6073576224                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2        6073449456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3        6073445712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        8516571745.920000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        8516041822.080001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        8515859072.640000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        8516372344.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          77.898267                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          77.893420                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          77.891749                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          77.896443                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total             3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total          1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total                14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks            6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total                6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       645729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       645729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1291458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1614323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total             4520105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       645729                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total         968594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks       1937188                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total            1937188                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks       1937188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       645729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       645729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1291458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1614323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total            6457292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                        14                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                        6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                     112                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                     48                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM                 3584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys                  3584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys               1536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           19                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                  2284135000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5                 112                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5                 48                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples           22                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   232.727273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   209.348031                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    65.641292                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2      9.09%      9.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2      9.09%     18.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287           18     81.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total           22                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean           56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    53.665631                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.627417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                    3690952                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat               5589352                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                   358400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   32954.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              49904.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                       4.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       1.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                    4.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    1.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    26.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                     98                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                114206750.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  86.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE    720686429                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF      69710400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT       2082870                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0                644112                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1                638064                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          700963.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3          690681.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0                434520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1                430440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2          472872.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3                465936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0              2428608                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         2421619.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         2676710.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3              2615808                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        1135088.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        1118085.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        1187758.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        1154580.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      554421453.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      553937071.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      554576310.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      554972921.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0        6073430112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1      6073855008.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2        6073294272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3      6072946368.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        8515967291.520000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        8515873685.760001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        8516382284.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        8516319693.120001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          77.892738                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          77.891882                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          77.896534                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          77.895962                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total             5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total          2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total                9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       968594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst      1291458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1614323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2260052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total             6457292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst      1291458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total        1614323                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks       2905782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total            2905782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks       2905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       968594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst      1291458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1614323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2260052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total            9363074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                        20                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                        9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                     160                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                     72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM                 4864                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys                  5120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys               2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           39                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                  2290307000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5                 160                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5                 72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples           31                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.225806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   206.648395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    66.975971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3      9.68%      9.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3      9.68%     19.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287           25     80.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total           31                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    45.910348                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    24.440404                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::56-57            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                    4008960                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat               6585360                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                   486400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   26374.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              43324.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                       6.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       2.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                    6.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    2.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    30.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                    133                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                    60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                 78976103.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  86.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE    719898863                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF      69710400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT       2870436                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0                665280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1                665280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2                704592                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3          687052.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0                448800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1                448800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2                475320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3                463488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         2608819.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1              2513472                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         2772556.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         2556403.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        1128038.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        1111864.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        1144627.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        1197711.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      553853240.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      554698117.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      554922633.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      554441808.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0        6073928544                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1        6073187424                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2        6072990480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3        6073412256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0          8516106120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        8516098355.520000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        8516483607.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        8516232118.080000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          77.894008                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          77.893937                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          77.897461                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          77.895161                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total             3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks         2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total          2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total                8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       645729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       645729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       968594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1937188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total             4197240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       645729                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total         645729                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks       2582917                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total            2582917                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks       2582917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       645729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       645729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       968594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1937188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total            6780157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                        13                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                        8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                     104                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                     64                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM                 3328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys                  3328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys               2048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           35                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1              23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                  2229932000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5                 104                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5                 64                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples           25                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   225.280000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   196.295405                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    73.600000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     12.00%     12.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     12.00%     24.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287           19     76.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total           25                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    29.472252                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.856406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::16              1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::40              2     66.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                    2594800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat               4357600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                   332800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                       4.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       2.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                    4.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    2.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    29.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                     91                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                    60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              93.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                106187238.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  89.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE    720348008                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF      69710400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT       2421291                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          632620.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          657417.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          685238.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          694915.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0                426768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1                443496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2                462264                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3          468792.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0         2444582.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         2504486.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2         2659737.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3              2600832                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        1104814.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        1118499.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        1154580.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        1151262.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      553746098.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      554151738.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      554320056.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      555115029.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0      6074022528.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1        6073666704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2        6073519056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3        6072821712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        8515850809.920001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        8516015739.840000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        8516274331.200000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        8516325940.800000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          77.891673                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          77.893182                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          77.895547                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          77.896019                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total             4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total          1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total                18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks            6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total                6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       645729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst      1291458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1937188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1614323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total             5811563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst      1291458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total        1614323                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks       1937188                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total            1937188                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks       1937188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       645729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst      1291458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1937188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1614323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total            7748751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                        18                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                        6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                     144                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                     48                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM                 4352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys                  4608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys               1536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                  2229190000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5                 144                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5                 48                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples           25                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   235.520000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   214.463511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    61.885055                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2      8.00%      8.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2      8.00%     16.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287           21     84.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total           25                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean           64                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    63.498031                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.313708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::56-57            1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                    3393200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat               5698400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                   435200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                       5.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       1.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                    5.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    1.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    33.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                    119                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                 92882916.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  86.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE    720209974                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF      69710400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT       2559325                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          703987.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          603590.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          711244.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          642902.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0          474912.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1                407184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2                479808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3                433704                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         2714150.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1              2336256                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         2652748.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3              2436096                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        1174487.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        1038458.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        1220935.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        1105228.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      554757105.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      553319447.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      555027203.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      553871134.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0        6073135680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1        6074396784                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2        6072898752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3      6073912848.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0          8516433720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        8515575118.080000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        8516464090.560000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        8515875311.040001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          77.897005                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          77.889151                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          77.897282                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          77.891897                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total             4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks         3328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total          3328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total                16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks           13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total               13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       645729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       322865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1614323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2260052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total             5165834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       322865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total         645729                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks       4197240                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total            4197240                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks       4197240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       645729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       322865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1614323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2260052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total            9363074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                        16                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                       13                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                     128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                    104                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM                 4096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                  3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys                  4096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys               3328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           40                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                  2212237000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5                 128                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5                104                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples           32                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean          224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   194.135395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.494425                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     12.50%     12.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     12.50%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287           24     75.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total           32                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.199338                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            2     50.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24              4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                    3882720                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat               6052320                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                   409600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   30333.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              47283.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                       5.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       3.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                    5.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    4.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    30.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                    112                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                    80                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              76.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                 76284034.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  82.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE    719787634                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF      69710400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT       2981665                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          693100.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1          633225.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          687052.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          732412.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0                467568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1                427176                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2                463488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3          494088.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0              2685696                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         2400153.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2              2638272                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3              2790528                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        1147944.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        1071636.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        1147944.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        1237939.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      554923618.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1         554294448                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      554302546.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      555144851.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0        6072989616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1        6073541520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2        6073534416                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3        6072795552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        8516380942.080000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        8515841557.440001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        8516247118.080000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        8516668769.280001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          77.896522                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          77.891588                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          77.895298                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          77.899155                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total             4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total          2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total                16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total                9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       645729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       645729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1937188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1937188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total             5165834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       645729                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total         645729                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks       2905782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total            2905782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks       2905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       645729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       645729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1937188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1937188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total            8071615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                        16                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                        9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                     128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                     72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM                 3872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                   224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys                  4096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys               2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           16                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2              33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                  2214645000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5                 128                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5                 72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples           29                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   212.965517                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   178.898929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    82.598202                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     13.79%     13.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95            1      3.45%     17.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      3.45%     20.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     10.34%     31.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287           20     68.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total           29                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean           51                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    42.506343                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    39.127995                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::96-97            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                    3007750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat               5058700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                   387200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   24857.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              41807.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                       4.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       2.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                    5.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    2.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     7.28                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    30.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                    105                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                    59                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               86.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              81.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                 88585800.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  84.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE    718878154                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF      69710400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT       3891145                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0          627177.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1                632016                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          639273.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          678585.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0                423096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1                426360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2                431256                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3                457776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         2384179.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1         2409139.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         2441587.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3         2579865.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        1071636.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        1098178.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        1088225.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        1131770.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      554122134.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      553791297.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      553811160.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      554370508.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0        6073692672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1        6073982880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2        6073965456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3        6073474800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        8515794293.760000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        8515813269.120001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        8515850356.800000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        8516166704.640000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          77.891156                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          77.891330                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          77.891669                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          77.894562                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total             4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks         1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total          1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total                16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks            7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total                7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       645729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       968594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       968594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       322865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1937188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total             5165834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       968594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total        1291458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks       2260052                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total            2260052                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks       2260052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       645729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       968594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       968594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       322865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1937188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total            7425886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                        16                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                        7                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                     128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                     56                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM                 3616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                   480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys                  4096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys               1792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                   15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           26                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                  2278873000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5                 128                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5                 56                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples           23                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean          224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   192.931367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.581507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     13.04%     13.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2      8.70%     21.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287           18     78.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total           23                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean           56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    50.596443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    33.941125                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                    3313606                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat               5228956                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                   361600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   29323.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              46273.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                       4.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       1.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                    5.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    2.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     6.98                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    31.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                     98                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               86.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              71.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                 99081434.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  81.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE    720324503                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF      69710400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT       2444796                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          688262.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          624758.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          703987.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          662860.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0                464304                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1                421464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2          474912.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3                447168                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         2652748.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1              2408640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         2636774.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3              2496000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        1174901.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        1051729.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        1217617.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        1111449.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      554479620.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      554077592.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      554657734.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      554337731.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0      6073379088.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1        6073731744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2      6073222848.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3        6073503552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        8516312323.200002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        8515789326.720000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        8516387271.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        8516032159.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          77.895894                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          77.891111                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          77.896580                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          77.893332                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total             4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total          2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total                17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total                9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       968594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       322865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1291458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       322865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2260052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total             5488698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       322865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total         645729                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks       2905782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total            2905782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks       2905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       968594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       322865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1291458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       322865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2260052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total            8394480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                        17                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                        9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                     136                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                     72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM                 4352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys                  4352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys               2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           32                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                  2300380000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5                 136                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5                 72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples           29                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.517241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   203.618717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    68.987898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     10.34%     10.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     10.34%     20.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287           23     79.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total           29                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean    45.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    41.039423                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    24.440404                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                    5547496                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat               7852696                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                   435200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   40790.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              57740.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                       5.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       2.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                    5.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    2.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    33.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                    119                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                    60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                 88476153.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  86.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE    719988328                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF      69710400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT       2780971                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          693100.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1          726969.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2                701568                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3                731808                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0                467568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1                490416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2                473280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3                493680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0         2724633.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         2899852.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2              2680704                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3              2740608                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0             1161216                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        1171169.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        1174487.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        1251210.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      554289632.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      554712672.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      554631140.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3         554972976                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0        6073545744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1        6073174656                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2        6073246176                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3        6072946320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        8516355292.800000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        8516649134.400000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        8516380752.960000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3          8516610000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          77.896287                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          77.898975                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          77.896520                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          77.898617                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total             4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks         2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total          2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total                16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total                8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       968594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       645729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       968594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       322865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1937188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total             5165834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       645729                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total         968594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks       2582917                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total            2582917                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks       2582917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       968594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       645729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       968594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       322865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1937188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total            7748751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                        16                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                        8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                     128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                     64                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM                 4096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                  2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys                  4096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys               2048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           23                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7              23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                  2282272000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5                 128                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5                 64                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples           28                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.571429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   201.960716                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.062104                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     10.71%     10.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     10.71%     21.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287           22     78.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total           28                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean    50.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    49.715720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    12.220202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24              3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                    3425584                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat               5595184                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                   409600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   26762.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              43712.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                       5.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       2.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                    5.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    2.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    34.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                    112                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                    60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              93.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                 95094666.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  89.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE    719284152                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF      69710400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT       3485147                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          678585.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          640483.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          681004.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          707011.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0                457776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1          432072.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2                459408                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3          476952.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         2624793.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         2539929.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2         2577868.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         2612812.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0             1161216                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        1055462.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        1164533.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        1217617.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      554337239.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      553995403.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      554657186.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      554898119.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0        6073503984                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1        6073803840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2      6073223328.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3        6073011984                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0          8516236992                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        8515940588.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        8516236728.000001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        8516397894.720000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          77.895205                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          77.892494                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          77.895203                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          77.896677                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total             3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks         2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total          2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total                14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total                8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       645729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       322865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1291458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       322865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1937188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total             4520105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       322865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total         322865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks       2582917                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total            2582917                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks       2582917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       645729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       322865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1291458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       322865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      1937188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total            7103022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                        14                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                        8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                     112                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                     64                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM                 3584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys                  3584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys               2048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         2421                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2              48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                  2278107000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5                 112                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5                 64                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples           23                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   222.608696                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   196.362695                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    73.148503                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2      8.70%      8.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95            1      4.35%     13.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      4.35%     17.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2      8.70%     26.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287           17     73.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total           23                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean           52                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    37.523326                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    50.911688                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                    4028464                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat               5926864                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                   358400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   35968.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              52918.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                       4.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       1.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                    4.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    2.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    31.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                     97                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               86.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                103550318.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  77.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE    720992628                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF      69710400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT       1776671                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          668908.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          688262.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          657417.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          712454.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0                451248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1                464304                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2                443496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3                480624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         2576870.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         2696179.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         2484518.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3              2628288                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        1151262.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        1154580.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        1118499.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        1204346.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      554387909.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      554323011.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      554339373.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      555040774.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0        6073459536                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1        6073516464                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2        6073502112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3      6072886848.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        8516169133.440001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        8516316199.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        8516018814.719999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        8516426733.120001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          77.894585                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          77.895930                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          77.893210                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          77.896941                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total             4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks         1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total          1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total                16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks            7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total                7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       968594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1291458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2582917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total             5165834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total         322865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks       2260052                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total            2260052                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks       2260052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       968594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      1291458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       322865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      2582917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total            7425886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                        16                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                        7                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                     128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                     56                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM                 3840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                  1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys                  4096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys               1792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           32                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7               9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                  2239514000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5                 128                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5                 56                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples           23                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   233.739130                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   211.187215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    64.315428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2      8.70%      8.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2      8.70%     17.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287           19     82.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total           23                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean           56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    53.665631                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.627417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24              2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                    3122568                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat               5156568                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                   384000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   26021.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              42971.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                       4.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       1.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                    5.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    2.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    31.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                    105                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                    40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              71.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                 97370173.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  82.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE    720881756                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF      69710400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT       1887543                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0                704592                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          679795.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2          690076.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          769305.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0                475320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1          458592.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2                465528                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3                518976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         2736115.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1         2683699.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         2647756.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3              2892864                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        1164533.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        1134673.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        1174487.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        1284387.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      1883473397.760000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0         554729472                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      554140630.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      554387745.600000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      555602474.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0        6073159920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1      6073676448.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2        6073459680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3      6072394128.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        8516443350.720000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        8516247236.160001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2          8516298672                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        8516935534.080001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          77.897093                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          77.895299                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          77.895769                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          77.901595                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 130                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                130                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 13                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp                13                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             3415                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           8892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2887                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               160                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              155                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave        15888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        15936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave       105985                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       106081                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  106081                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        65000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      1959000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        13000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         6500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      2326500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1709496                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      4460471                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1443500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        80000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      2557500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           15                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq         2000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        12500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback         4500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        22000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         6500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       102500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp         6000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                            12                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                           18                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime               35000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime             121000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                             9425                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             12726                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   12726    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               12726                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                  24                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy             3907500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded                3302                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy            5966500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded               3185                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq                118                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp               118                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback              141                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             474                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          2413                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2887                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq              155                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp             155                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port           43                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port           27                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port           35                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port           27                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port           26                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port           25                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total         1623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port           39                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port           27                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port           29                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port           39                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port           26                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port           19                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total         1612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port           39                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port           26                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port           25                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port           26                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port           39                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port           37                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port           26                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port           23                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total         1619                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port           33                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port           29                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port           29                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port           29                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port           51                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total         1609                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total                  6463                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total        26368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total        26368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         3072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         2816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         2560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total        27393                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total        25856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total                 105985                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       165200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      1165492                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1325400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       663600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      3378200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      4038913                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       217000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      1524447                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                            0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime                  0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy             247000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded                 85                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy             133000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                 55                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy             153200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded                 58                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy             167200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded                 68                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy             102600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded                 39                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy             142400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded                 56                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy             200600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded                 69                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy             139000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded                 65                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy            3484200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded               2443                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy             129400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded                 41                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy            180000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded                60                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy            156000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded                60                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy            176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded                80                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy            129800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded                47                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy            124600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded                49                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy             84400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded                26                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy           1750723                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded               798                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy           1631232                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded               786                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy           1743595                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded               793                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy           1604802                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded               784                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq          118                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp          118                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback          141                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          474                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2413                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2887                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq          155                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave         1623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave         1612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave         1619                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave         1609                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total         6463                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave        26368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave        26368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave        27393                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave        25856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total       105985                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        94400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       472000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       564000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       379200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1930400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      2309600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       124000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       620000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp         1400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                     3                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime         3800                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy       749600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded          825                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy       788800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded          826                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy       763300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded          826                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy       791200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded          825                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy      3402400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded         3161                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              18778                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             18778                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq                13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp               13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             1061                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            3421                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          8912                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          12333                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          112                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp          112                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              531                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             531                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           93                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         8822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7983                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          123                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         8703                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           58                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          177                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 40964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       117760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       115716                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       292608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       233260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       103168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       120320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       243456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       195352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          284                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        75264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        38425                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1536377                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      9492292                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    147074436                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        13000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         6500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     34484496                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1714991                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      4478455                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1462488                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        56499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       268494                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     13650499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         1026                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          203                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           22                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          182                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          447                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           23                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           39                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           14                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     18724995                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp      3032494                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback       398998                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      2702500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      6249999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        50500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq      1103500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       849000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       169000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                         1787                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                         220                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime           30028992                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime           3251994                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                           23631                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            32803                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                 32803    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              32803                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           50531727                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded              32828                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          14951994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded               460                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         123337912                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            15.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded              6781                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy             59000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded                59                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          37153488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded              1143                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         133483409                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            16.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded              7159                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.occupancy             10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                10                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy             81499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded                81                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy         13100993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded              403                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy        122757408                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization           15.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded             6769                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.occupancy            15000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded               15                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy            75997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded               75                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy         30917979                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded              951                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy        133784927                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization           16.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded             7207                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.occupancy            29000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded               29                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy           106000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded              106                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy          9555998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              294                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          5808999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              221                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           78                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0           78    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           78                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           78                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0           78    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           78                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           78                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           78    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           78                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           78                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           78    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           78                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples           78                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0               78    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total           78                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           78                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0              78    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total           78                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                       301                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7940.569333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       301                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     13.571429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3329.494876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst   950.181791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   597.349798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst   284.470073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   239.372251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.itb.walker     1.035580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst   616.647997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   798.282483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst    44.287032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data    46.991278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst    70.746913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data    27.892729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.729899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst    50.712400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data    53.414677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst           10                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data           27                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   459.576509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   328.383047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.406432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.115989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.072919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.034725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.029220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.000126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.075274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.097447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.005406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.005736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.008636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.003405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.006190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.006520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.001221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.003296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.056101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.040086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.969308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023             5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          7957                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          824                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6627                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000610                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.971313                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     74162                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    74162                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           51                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst         1106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst          403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst          929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    4639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             1061                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  1061                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          115                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   253                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst           460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data           233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           51                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst          1106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data           468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst           403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data           266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst           929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data           373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data            98                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     4892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst          460                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data          233                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           51                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst         1106                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data          468                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst          403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data          266                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           29                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst          929                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data          373                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          294                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data           98                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    4892                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                   139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          123                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          196                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          131                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                462                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          683                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          592                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          544                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          592                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             2413                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 167                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data           90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data          105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                    306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data           90                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data            8                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data          105                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                   306                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      4662000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      7315500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      2777000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2661000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        17539500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       392000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       261500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       523000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1242000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       130000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       195500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      5080000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3505000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1022000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     10615999                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      20287999                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      5204000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      4662000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     10820500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1022000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      2777000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     13276999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total         37827499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      5204000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      4662000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     10820500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1022000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      2777000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     13276999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total        37827499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           51                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           85                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                4778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1061                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              1061                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          137                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          197                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          133                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              480                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          686                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          604                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          547                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          594                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           2433                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          108                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               420                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           51                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data          558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data          274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data           99                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 5198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data          276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           51                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data          558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data          274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data          478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data           99                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                5198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.005155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.032371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.141119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.023134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.056757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.029092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.897810                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.994924                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.984962                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.962500                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.995627                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.980132                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.994516                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.996633                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.991780                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.512195                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.217687                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.115942                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.071429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.397619                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.155797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.032371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.161290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.029197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.023134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.219665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.010101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.058869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.155797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.032371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.161290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.029197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.023134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.219665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.010101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.058869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       126000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 126129.310345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 126227.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 126714.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126183.453237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        16375                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  3186.991870                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  1334.183673                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  3992.366412                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2688.311688                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   110.641892                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   219.594595                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    81.019478                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 120952.380952                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 109531.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       127750                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 126380.940476                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121485.023952                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 121023.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       126000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 120227.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       127750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 126227.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 126447.609524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123619.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 121023.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       126000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 120227.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       127750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 126227.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 126447.609524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123619.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  141                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       141                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total              118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          123                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          196                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          131                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           462                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          683                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          592                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          544                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          592                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2413                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total               285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total              285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      3596000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      6413000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      1526500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2246500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13895000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       217500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      6672498                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     10683500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      7109998                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       434499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25117995                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     36993492                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     32011498                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     29413500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     32027494                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       108500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130554484                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4618000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3153000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       934000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      9691999                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18450999                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      3596000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      9566000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       934000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      1526500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     11938499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     32345999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4731000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      3596000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      9566000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       934000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      1526500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     11938499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     32345999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        80000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data        20000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       100000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        80000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        70000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       270000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data        20000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       220000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       120000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       150000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       510000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.005155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.027122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.131387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.013670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.051351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.024697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.897810                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.994924                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.984962                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.962500                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.995627                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.980132                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.994516                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.996633                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991780                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.512195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.217687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.115942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.071429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.397619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.155797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.027122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.154122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.029197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.013670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.215481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.010101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.054829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.155797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.027122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.154122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.029197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.013670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.215481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.010101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.054829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       116000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118759.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 117423.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 118236.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117754.237288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54375                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54247.951220                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54507.653061                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54274.793893                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54312.375000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54367.954545                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54163.238653                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54073.476351                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54068.933824                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54100.496622                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54104.634894                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 109952.380952                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 98531.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       116750                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 115380.940476                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110485.023952                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 110023.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       116000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 111232.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       116750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 117423.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 115907.757282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113494.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 110023.255814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst       116000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 111232.558140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       116750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 117423.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 115907.757282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113494.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                         12                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples           75                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           75    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total            75                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           28                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           28    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total           28                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples            78                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     24615384.615385                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    57679155.290668                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07           59     75.64%     75.64% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            4      5.13%     80.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     80.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            3      3.85%     84.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            4      5.13%     89.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     89.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            3      3.85%     93.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            1      1.28%     94.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     94.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            1      1.28%     96.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%     96.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     96.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%     96.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            1      1.28%     97.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     97.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      1.28%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            1      1.28%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total              78                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        24214846.223115      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                     19200                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples           78                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    8533333.333333                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   18756198.398262                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           60     76.92%     76.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     76.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     76.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           13     16.67%     93.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     93.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     93.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            3      3.85%     97.44% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     97.44% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     97.44% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            1      1.28%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      1.28%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total             78                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       9040209.256629      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                   7168                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples              75                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       101322.666667                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      99841.848172                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      20371.665360                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           67     89.33%     89.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            0      0.00%     89.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            1      1.33%     90.67% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            2      2.67%     93.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            2      2.67%     96.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            3      4.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total                75                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples                  75                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           29565466.666667                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          175407412.888621                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows                75    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value            245000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value        1512360000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                    75                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples                28                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         28043142.857143                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        35553673.415164                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows              28    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          342000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value       114026000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                  28                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                   103                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             7623378.640777                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            19748913.189316                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows                 103    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value              180000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value           112088000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                     103                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples           78                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.012821                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.113228                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0               77     98.72%     98.72% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1                1      1.28%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total           78                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples           78                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0              78    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total           78                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples                78                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             0.961538                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            2.253092                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0                      59     75.64%     75.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::1                       4      5.13%     80.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2                       3      3.85%     84.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::3                       4      5.13%     89.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4                       3      3.85%     93.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::5                       1      1.28%     94.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6                       1      1.28%     96.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::7                       0      0.00%     96.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8                       0      0.00%     96.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::9                       1      1.28%     97.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10                      1      1.28%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::11                      1      1.28%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                  78                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples               78                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.333333                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.732664                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                     60     76.92%     76.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                     13     16.67%     93.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                      3      3.85%     97.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                      1      1.28%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                      1      1.28%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total                 78                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples           63                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           63    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total            63                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           40                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           40    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total           40                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples            78                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     20676923.076923                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    41680457.045245                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07           58     74.36%     74.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            5      6.41%     80.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     80.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            2      2.56%     83.33% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            4      5.13%     88.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     88.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            6      7.69%     96.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            1      1.28%     97.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     97.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            1      1.28%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      1.28%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total              78                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        20340470.827416      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                     16128                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples           78                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean        12800000                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   27599811.781779                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           56     71.79%     71.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     71.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     71.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           15     19.23%     91.03% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     91.03% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     91.03% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            2      2.56%     93.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     93.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     93.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            2      2.56%     96.15% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     96.15% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     96.15% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            2      2.56%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            1      1.28%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total             78                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       12914584.652328      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                  10240                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples              63                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       94153.968254                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      91797.717583                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      18620.044917                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            4      6.35%      6.35% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%      6.35% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%      6.35% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%      6.35% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%      6.35% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%      6.35% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%      6.35% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           54     85.71%     92.06% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%     92.06% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            1      1.59%     93.65% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            1      1.59%     95.24% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            1      1.59%     96.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%     96.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%     96.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            1      1.59%     98.41% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            1      1.59%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total                63                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples                  63                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           35320492.063492                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          192089190.565457                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows                63    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value            243000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value        1521722000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                    63                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples                40                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean             57366350                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        239728809.959916                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows              40    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          236000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1521284000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                  40                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                   103                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             22236990.291262                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            149916324.914901                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows                 103    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value              236000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value          1517040000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                     103                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples           78                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0               78    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total           78                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples           78                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0              78    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total           78                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples                78                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             0.807692                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            1.628143                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0                      58     74.36%     74.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::1                       5      6.41%     80.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2                       2      2.56%     83.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::3                       4      5.13%     88.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4                       6      7.69%     96.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::5                       1      1.28%     97.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6                       1      1.28%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::7                       1      1.28%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                  78                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples               78                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.500000                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           1.078118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                     56     71.79%     71.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                     15     19.23%     91.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                      2      2.56%     93.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                      2      2.56%     96.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                      2      2.56%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                      1      1.28%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total                 78                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples           75                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           75    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total            75                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           33                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    248.272727                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   216.402860                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    44.389802                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      3.03%      3.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      3.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      3.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      3.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      3.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      3.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      3.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      3.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      3.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      3.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      3.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      3.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      3.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      3.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      3.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      3.03% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           32     96.97%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total           33                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples            78                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     24287179.487179                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    57153678.362665                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07           63     80.77%     80.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            4      5.13%     85.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            2      2.56%     88.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            5      6.41%     94.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            2      2.56%     97.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            1      1.28%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      1.28%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total              78                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        24214846.223115      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                     19200                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples           78                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    10502564.102564                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   21213221.645021                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06           60     76.92%     76.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     76.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     76.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     76.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     76.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     76.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            7      8.97%     85.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     85.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     85.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     85.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     85.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     85.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            8     10.26%     96.15% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     96.15% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%     96.15% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     96.15% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%     96.15% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     96.15% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            3      3.85%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total             78                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       10332928.911770      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                   8193                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples              75                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean              95120                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      94319.212572                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      11875.184209                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            1      1.33%      1.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%      1.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%      1.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%      1.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            2      2.67%      4.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%      4.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%      4.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           69     92.00%     96.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%     96.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%     96.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%     96.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            1      1.33%     97.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            1      1.33%     98.67% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%     98.67% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%     98.67% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            1      1.33%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total                75                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples                  75                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           30544893.333333                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          176024690.895722                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows                75    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value            159000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value        1516494000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                    75                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples                33                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         70030393.939394                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        265624185.249684                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows              33    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          330000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1521612000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                  33                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                   108                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             21374351.851852                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            146499745.014120                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows                 108    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value              159000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value          1516494000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                     108                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples           78                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.038462                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.193552                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0               75     96.15%     96.15% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1                3      3.85%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total           78                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples           78                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0              78    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total           78                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples                78                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             0.948718                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            2.267199                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0                      59     75.64%     75.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::1                       4      5.13%     80.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2                       4      5.13%     85.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::3                       2      2.56%     88.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4                       2      2.56%     91.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::5                       4      5.13%     96.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6                       1      1.28%     97.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::7                       0      0.00%     97.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8                       1      1.28%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14                      1      1.28%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                  78                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples               78                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.410256                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.828641                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                     60     76.92%     76.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                      7      8.97%     85.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                      8     10.26%     96.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                      3      3.85%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total                 78                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples           60                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           60    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total            60                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples           41                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           41    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total           41                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples            78                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     19364102.564103                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    42112795.274210                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07           58     74.36%     74.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            6      7.69%     82.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     82.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            5      6.41%     88.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            1      1.28%     89.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     89.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            5      6.41%     96.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            1      1.28%     97.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     97.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     97.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            1      1.28%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      1.28%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total              78                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        19371876.978492      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                     15360                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples           78                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    13128205.128205                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   25680857.985404                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           56     71.79%     71.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     71.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     71.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           12     15.38%     87.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     87.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     87.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            5      6.41%     93.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     93.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     93.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            2      2.56%     96.15% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     96.15% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     96.15% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            3      3.85%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total             78                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       13237449.268636      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                  10496                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples              60                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       98603.333333                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      96757.941013                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      22032.333456                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      1.67%      1.67% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      1.67% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      1.67% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           55     91.67%     93.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            0      0.00%     93.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            0      0.00%     93.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            1      1.67%     95.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            2      3.33%     98.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%     98.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%     98.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     98.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      1.67%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total                60                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples                  60                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           37044666.666667                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          196252529.305317                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows                60    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value            245000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value        1516298000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                    60                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples                41                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         55989219.512195                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        236038199.344567                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows              41    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          279000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1520465000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                  41                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                   101                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             22679445.544554                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            151149625.466124                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows                 101    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value              233000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value          1515531000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                     101                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples           78                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.025641                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.159085                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0               76     97.44%     97.44% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1                2      2.56%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total           78                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples           78                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0              78    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total           78                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples                78                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             0.756410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            1.652907                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0                      59     75.64%     75.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::1                       4      5.13%     80.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2                       6      7.69%     88.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::3                       1      1.28%     89.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4                       5      6.41%     96.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::5                       1      1.28%     97.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6                       0      0.00%     97.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::7                       1      1.28%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8                       1      1.28%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                  78                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples               78                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.512821                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           1.003159                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                     56     71.79%     71.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                     12     15.38%     87.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                      5      6.41%     93.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                      2      2.56%     96.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                      3      3.85%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total                 78                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples          278                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271          278    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total            278                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          142                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     254.204225                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    246.195737                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     21.399125                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.70%      0.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.70% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271          141     99.30%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total           142                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples             78                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      88943589.743590                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     189505779.365486                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07           58     74.36%     74.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08            5      6.41%     80.77% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08            1      1.28%     82.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08            3      3.85%     85.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08            2      2.56%     88.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08            1      1.28%     89.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08            5      6.41%     96.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     96.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%     96.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            1      1.28%     97.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            0      0.00%     97.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            1      1.28%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            1      1.28%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total               78                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         88142040.252137      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                      69888                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples            78                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     44964102.564103                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    79166815.451076                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07           53     67.95%     67.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            8     10.26%     78.21% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            5      6.41%     84.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            6      7.69%     92.31% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            1      1.28%     93.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            1      1.28%     94.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%     94.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            1      1.28%     96.15% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     96.15% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            2      2.56%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      1.28%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total              78                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        45525172.089363      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                   36097                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples              273                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        106091.575092                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       104623.438959                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       18560.732053                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            6      2.20%      2.20% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      2.20% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            2      0.73%      2.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%      2.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          244     89.38%     92.31% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            4      1.47%     93.77% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            4      1.47%     95.24% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            5      1.83%     97.07% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            4      1.47%     98.53% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            3      1.10%     99.63% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.63% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%     99.63% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.37%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total                273                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20000.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-1023                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples                  278                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            8216908.273381                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           91384524.492103                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                     1      0.36%      0.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000                 0      0.00%      0.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000                0      0.00%      0.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000                1      0.36%      0.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000                0      0.00%      0.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000                0      0.00%      0.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000                0      0.00%      0.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000                4      1.44%      2.16% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000                1      0.36%      2.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000                1      0.36%      2.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000                1      0.36%      3.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000                0      0.00%      3.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000                0      0.00%      3.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000                0      0.00%      3.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000                1      0.36%      3.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000                0      0.00%      3.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000                2      0.72%      4.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000                1      0.36%      4.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000                0      0.00%      4.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000               0      0.00%      4.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows                265     95.32%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value               3000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value         1509928000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                    278                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples                142                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          5583813.380282                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         11433292.307622                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000              1      0.70%      0.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              0      0.00%      0.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000              0      0.00%      0.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000              0      0.00%      0.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000              0      0.00%      0.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000              0      0.00%      0.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000              0      0.00%      0.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000              0      0.00%      0.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000              0      0.00%      0.70% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000              1      0.70%      1.41% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000              0      0.00%      1.41% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000              0      0.00%      1.41% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              0      0.00%      1.41% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              1      0.70%      2.11% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000              1      0.70%      2.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000              0      0.00%      2.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000             0      0.00%      2.82% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows              138     97.18%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value         68987500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                  142                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                    420                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              1887860.714286                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             6949438.850752                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                       1      0.24%      0.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                   0      0.00%      0.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000                  0      0.00%      0.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000                  5      1.19%      1.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000                  0      0.00%      1.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000                  2      0.48%      1.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000                  2      0.48%      2.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000                  5      1.19%      3.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000                  4      0.95%      4.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000                  5      1.19%      5.71% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000                  1      0.24%      5.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000                  3      0.71%      6.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000                  2      0.48%      7.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000                  0      0.00%      7.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000                  4      0.95%      8.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000                  0      0.00%      8.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                  3      0.71%      8.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                  3      0.71%      9.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                  2      0.48%     10.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                 0      0.00%     10.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                  378     90.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                 3000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             67709500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                      420                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           78                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.076923                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.268194                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0                72     92.31%     92.31% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1                 6      7.69%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total            78                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           78                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0               78    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total           78                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples                 78                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean              3.538462                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             7.565630                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-1                     57     73.08%     73.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::2-3                      3      3.85%     76.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::4-5                      3      3.85%     80.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::6-7                      1      1.28%     82.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-9                      2      2.56%     84.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::10-11                    0      0.00%     84.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::12-13                    4      5.13%     89.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::14-15                    0      0.00%     89.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-17                    4      5.13%     94.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::18-19                    1      1.28%     96.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::20-21                    0      0.00%     96.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::22-23                    0      0.00%     96.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-25                    0      0.00%     96.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::26-27                    1      1.28%     97.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::28-29                    0      0.00%     97.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::30-31                    0      0.00%     97.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-33                    1      1.28%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::34-35                    0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::36-37                    1      1.28%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::38-39                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                   78                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples                78                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             1.756410                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            3.092454                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0                      39     50.00%     50.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::1                      14     17.95%     67.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2                       8     10.26%     78.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::3                       5      6.41%     84.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4                       2      2.56%     87.18% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::5                       4      5.13%     92.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6                       1      1.28%     93.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::7                       1      1.28%     94.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8                       0      0.00%     94.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::9                       0      0.00%     94.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10                      1      1.28%     96.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::11                      0      0.00%     96.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12                      1      1.28%     97.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::13                      1      1.28%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14                      0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::15                      0      0.00%     98.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16                      1      1.28%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                  78                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                       80291                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                        23                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                      58365                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                       10                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   80314                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  58375                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                           138656                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                             33                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                       138689                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                      354457                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                  354457                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                           354457                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                       354457                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                         1375180                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     320358                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       355907                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               302967                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                       8736                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        37544                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      302967                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             544325                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            201797                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1321181                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             194471                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       140634                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                      80397                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     60237                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              186351.264167                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              1188828.735833                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.864490                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.135510                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            51061                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   217272     60.70%     60.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                      39      0.01%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                   80397     22.46%     83.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  60237     16.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    357947                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      14                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              460                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1767721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              460                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          3842.871739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           709374                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          709374                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst       353997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         353997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst       353997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          353997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst       353997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         353997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst          460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      7399494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7399494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      7399494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7399494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      7399494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7399494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst       354457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       354457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst       354457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       354457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst       354457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       354457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16085.856522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16085.856522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16085.856522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16085.856522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16085.856522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16085.856522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6475506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6475506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6475506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6475506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      6475506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6475506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.001298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14077.186957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14077.186957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14077.186957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14077.186957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14077.186957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14077.186957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry                57                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          224.099564                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             142037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              447                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           317.756152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   224.099564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.875389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.875389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.808594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           280107                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          280107                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        72859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          72859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        53080                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         53080                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           41                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           41                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         3731                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3731                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1647                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1647                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data       125939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          125939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data       125980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         125980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         2872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          830                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          830                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           29                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           29                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          759                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          759                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         2332                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2332                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data         3702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          3702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data         3731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         3731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     29881442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     29881442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     10990496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10990496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     39523478                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     39523478                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     69844496                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     69844496                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1278500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      1278500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     40871938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     40871938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     40871938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     40871938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        75731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        75731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        53910                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        53910                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           70                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         4490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4490                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         3979                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3979                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data       129641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       129641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data       129711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       129711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.037924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.015396                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015396                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.414286                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.414286                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.169042                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.169042                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.586077                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.586077                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.028556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.028764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10404.401811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10404.401811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 13241.561446                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13241.561446                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 52073.093544                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52073.093544                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 29950.469983                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29950.469983                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11040.501891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11040.501891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10954.687215                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10954.687215                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         2872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          830                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          830                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           29                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          731                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          731                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         2318                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         2318                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         3702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         3731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     24080558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24080558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      9326504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9326504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       210000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       210000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     37832522                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37832522                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     65256504                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65256504                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1226500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1226500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     33407062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33407062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     33617062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33617062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data        31500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.037924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.015396                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015396                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.414286                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.414286                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.162806                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.162806                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.582558                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.582558                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.028556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.028764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8384.595404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8384.595404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11236.751807                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11236.751807                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  7241.379310                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7241.379310                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 51754.476060                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51754.476060                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 28152.072476                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28152.072476                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9024.057807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9024.057807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9010.201555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9010.201555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry               335                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                       88771                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                        31                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                      68318                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       13                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                   88802                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  68331                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                           157089                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                             44                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                       157133                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                      392140                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         5                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                  392145                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                           392140                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                       392145                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                         1585770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     357697                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       403304                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               345238                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      10915                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        42980                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      345238                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             621238                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            228302                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             1492478                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes             212110                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                       159998                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      89146                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     70852                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              10018.793178                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1575751.206822                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.993682                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.006318                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            58795                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                   246318     60.61%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                      75      0.02%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                14      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                   89146     21.94%     82.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  70852     17.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                    406406                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       8                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1143                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            1796112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1143                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          1571.401575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           785423                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          785423                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst       390997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         390997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst       390997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          390997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst       390997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         390997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     21985488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21985488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     21985488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     21985488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     21985488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     21985488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       392140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       392140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       392140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       392140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       392140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       392140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.002915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.002915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.002915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 19234.897638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19234.897638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 19234.897638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19234.897638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 19234.897638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19234.897638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     19687512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19687512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     19687512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     19687512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     19687512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     19687512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.002915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.002915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.002915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17224.419948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17224.419948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17224.419948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17224.419948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17224.419948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17224.419948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               111                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              771                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          236.047464                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             268944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           348.824903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   236.047464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.922060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.922060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.945312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           317358                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          317358                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        80856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          80856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        62651                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         62651                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          147                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          147                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         3870                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3870                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1924                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1924                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data       143507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          143507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data       143654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         143654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         3079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1059                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1059                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           59                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           59                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          754                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          754                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         2251                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2251                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data         4138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          4138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data         4197                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         4197                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     38590439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38590439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     19179494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     19179494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     37039480                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     37039480                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     64762495                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     64762495                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1262000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      1262000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     57769933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     57769933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     57769933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     57769933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        83935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        63710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          206                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          206                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         4624                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4624                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         4175                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4175                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data       147645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       147645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data       147851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       147851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.036683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.016622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.286408                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.286408                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.163062                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.163062                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.539162                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.539162                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.028027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.028387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 12533.432608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12533.432608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 18110.948064                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18110.948064                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 49123.978780                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49123.978780                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 28770.544203                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28770.544203                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 13960.834461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13960.834461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 13764.577794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13764.577794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          353                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              353                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         3079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1059                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1059                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           59                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           59                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         2239                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         2239                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         4138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         4197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     32373559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32373559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     17055506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17055506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1659000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1659000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     35339520                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35339520                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     60335505                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60335505                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1206000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1206000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     49429065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49429065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     51088065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51088065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       206000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       206000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       157500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       157500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       363500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       363500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.036683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.016622                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016622                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.286408                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286408                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.153979                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.153979                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.536287                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.536287                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.028027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.028387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10514.309516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10514.309516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 16105.293673                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16105.293673                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 28118.644068                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28118.644068                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 49634.157303                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49634.157303                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 26947.523448                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26947.523448                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 11945.158289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11945.158289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 12172.519657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12172.519657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry               346                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                       80386                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                        34                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                      58110                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        8                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                   80420                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  58118                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                           138496                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                             42                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                       138538                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                      354253                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         8                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                  354261                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                           354253                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              8                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                       354261                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                         1360020                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     320617                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       356255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               303115                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                       8687                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        37695                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      303115                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             543887                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            201940                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1321951                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             194719                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       140437                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                      80470                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     59967                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              193780.500133                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1166239.499867                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.857516                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.142484                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            51195                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   217794     60.79%     60.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                      23      0.01%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                   80470     22.46%     83.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  59967     16.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    358256                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            1705522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              403                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          4232.064516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           708909                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          708909                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst       353850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         353850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst       353850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          353850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst       353850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         353850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst          403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst          403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      6588493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6588493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      6588493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6588493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      6588493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6588493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst       354253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       354253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst       354253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       354253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst       354253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       354253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 16348.617866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16348.617866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 16348.617866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16348.617866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 16348.617866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16348.617866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      5775507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5775507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      5775507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5775507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      5775507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5775507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.001138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14331.282878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14331.282878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14331.282878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14331.282878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14331.282878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14331.282878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                56                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements              444                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          215.045277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs              40471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              444                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            91.150901                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   215.045277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.840021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.840021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           280037                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          280037                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        73098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          73098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        52792                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         52792                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           40                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           40                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         3639                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3639                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         1780                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1780                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data       125890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          125890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data       125930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         125930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         2886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         1010                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1010                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          696                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          696                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         2186                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2186                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data         3896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          3896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data         3923                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         3923                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     30868430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30868430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     20610493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     20610493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     33329985                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     33329985                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     60847497                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     60847497                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1197000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      1197000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     51478923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     51478923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     51478923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     51478923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        75984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        75984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        53802                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        53802                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           67                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           67                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         4335                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4335                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         3966                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3966                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data       129786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       129786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data       129853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       129853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.037982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.018773                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018773                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.402985                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.402985                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.160554                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160554                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.551185                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.551185                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.030019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.030211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10695.921691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10695.921691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 20406.428713                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20406.428713                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 47887.909483                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47887.909483                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 27835.085544                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27835.085544                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 13213.275924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13213.275924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 13122.335712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13122.335712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          196                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              196                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         2886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          669                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          669                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         2177                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         2177                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         3896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         3923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     25031564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25031564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     18583507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18583507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       188000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       188000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     31791015                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31791015                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     56536503                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56536503                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1151000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1151000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     43615071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43615071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     43803071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43803071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.037982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.018773                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018773                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.402985                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.402985                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.154325                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.154325                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.548916                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.548916                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.030019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.030211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8673.445599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8673.445599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 18399.511881                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18399.511881                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  6962.962963                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6962.962963                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 47520.201794                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47520.201794                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 25969.914102                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25969.914102                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 11194.833419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11194.833419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 11165.707622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11165.707622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry               349                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                       92743                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                        48                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      64991                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       12                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                   92791                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                  65003                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                           157734                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                             60                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                       157794                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                      401113                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                        15                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                  401128                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                           401113                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                             15                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                       401128                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                         1585803                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     366798                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       409280                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               345777                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      10096                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        48108                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      345777                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             618764                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            227392                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             1520500                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes             225805                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       160164                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      92995                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     67169                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles               3638.007701                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              1582164.992299                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.997706                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.002294                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            63119                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                   251635     61.10%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                      51      0.01%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   92995     22.58%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  67169     16.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    411856                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       8                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              951                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs            1708780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              951                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          1796.824395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           803177                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          803177                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst       400162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         400162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst       400162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          400162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst       400162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         400162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst          951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst          951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst          951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     17285979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17285979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     17285979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17285979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     17285979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17285979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst       401113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       401113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst       401113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       401113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst       401113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       401113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.002371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.002371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.002371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 18176.634069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18176.634069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 18176.634069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18176.634069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 18176.634069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18176.634069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     15363021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15363021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     15363021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15363021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     15363021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15363021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.002371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.002371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.002371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16154.596215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16154.596215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16154.596215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16154.596215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16154.596215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16154.596215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                90                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              674                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          214.862554                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             250188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              674                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           371.198813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   214.862554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.839307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.839307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           318709                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          318709                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        84883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          84883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        59431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         59431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           99                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           99                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         3807                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3807                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         1845                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1845                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data       144314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          144314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data       144413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         144413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         3139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         1015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           49                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           49                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          764                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          764                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         2289                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2289                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data         4154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          4154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data         4203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         4203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     35451457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35451457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     25315996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25315996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     36673978                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     36673978                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     65247996                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     65247996                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1340000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      1340000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     60767453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     60767453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     60767453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     60767453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        88022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        60446                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        60446                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          148                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         4571                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4571                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         4134                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4134                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data       148468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data       148616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.035662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.016792                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016792                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.331081                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.331081                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.167141                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.167141                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.553701                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.553701                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.027979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.028281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 11293.869704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11293.869704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 24941.867980                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24941.867980                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 48002.589005                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48002.589005                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 28505.022280                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28505.022280                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 14628.659846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14628.659846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 14458.113966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14458.113966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          285                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              285                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         3139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           49                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          723                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          723                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         2275                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         2275                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         4154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         4203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     29130543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29130543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     23282004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23282004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1051000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1051000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     34795022                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34795022                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     60764004                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60764004                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1270000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1270000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     52412547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52412547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     53463547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53463547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       126000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       126000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       190000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       190000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.035662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.016792                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016792                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.331081                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331081                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.158171                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158171                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.550314                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550314                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.027979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.028281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9280.198471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9280.198471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 22937.934975                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22937.934975                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 21448.979592                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21448.979592                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 48125.894882                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48125.894882                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 26709.452308                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26709.452308                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12617.368079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12617.368079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12720.330002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12720.330002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry               322                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          184.117542                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   184.117542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.719209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.719209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.718750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          191.311853                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   191.311853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.747312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.747312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.746094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 189                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data          189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.738281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.738281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.738281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        3190                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       2845                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    3192                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   2845                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             6035                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         6037                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       14075                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   14075                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            14075                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        14075                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                         1585827                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      13751                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        16549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                15476                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       1011                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         1539                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       15476                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              27868                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             10367                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               61457                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               5365                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         6686                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       3302                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      3384                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              1509831.895903                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              75995.104097                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.047921                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.952079                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             2609                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    10514     60.97%     60.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      34      0.20%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                10      0.06%     61.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    3302     19.15%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   3384     19.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     17244                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              294                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs            1213986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              294                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs          4129.204082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            28444                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           28444                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        13781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          13781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        13781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           13781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        13781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          13781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      5053498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5053498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      5053498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5053498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      5053498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5053498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        14075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        14075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        14075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        14075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        14075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        14075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.020888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.020888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.020888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 17188.768707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17188.768707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 17188.768707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17188.768707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 17188.768707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17188.768707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      4463502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4463502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      4463502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4463502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      4463502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4463502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.020888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.020888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.020888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 15181.979592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15181.979592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 15181.979592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15181.979592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 15181.979592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15181.979592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                51                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              115                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          219.132619                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs              34234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs           297.686957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   219.132619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.855987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.855987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.816406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            12234                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           12234                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         2929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           2929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         2734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          2734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           28                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           28                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           59                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           59                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           55                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           55                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         5663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            5663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         5691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           5691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            9                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2195499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2195499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1065500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1065500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       155000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       155000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       420000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       420000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3260999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      3260999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3260999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      3260999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         2772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           37                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           37                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         5849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         5849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         5886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.048099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013709                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013709                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.243243                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.243243                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.180556                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.180556                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.214286                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.214286                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.033129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 14834.452703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14834.452703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 28039.473684                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28039.473684                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 11923.076923                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11923.076923                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        28000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        28000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 17532.252688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17532.252688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16723.071795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16723.071795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           51                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               51                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1898501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1898501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       989500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       989500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       139000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       139000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         8000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         8000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       390000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       390000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2888001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2888001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3027001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3027001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       104500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       104500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       232500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       232500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.048099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.243243                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243243                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.055556                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055556                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.214286                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214286                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.033129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 12827.709459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12827.709459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 26039.473684                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26039.473684                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 15444.444444                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15444.444444                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        26000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        26000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 15526.887097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15526.887097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 15523.082051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15523.082051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                39                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_task 792902000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -43649625.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       43924809.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -29446176.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       29631816.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -167052288.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       168111590.400000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -73830113.280000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       74294599.680000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -119668633313.280060
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       120542297456.639877
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -35234722641.599998
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       35491447267.199997
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -385874493072.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       388692093600.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.000793
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       7492600.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       1903620.461082
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       1312573.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       192.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       226779.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       346310.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       261609.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       1379221.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       2356082.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       869798.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       192.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       39445.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       1312573.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       192.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       1516066.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       28.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       1516038.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       3251.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       326749.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       234640.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       598191.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       181.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       12124.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       3952.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       42758
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       273.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       141.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       455.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       1854.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       933.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       118.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
