sim_seconds                                  0.000764                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   764417000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3084916207500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               11250792                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 12997707                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               96909319                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2603936                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    88745620                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     102525308                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys6.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst      2983632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      1469650                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          954                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          964                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_read::total      4457152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst      2983632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total      2983632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data        77594                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         1534                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         1542                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         1546                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bytes_written::total        83752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst       745908                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data       378915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_reads::total      1126758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data        25406                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data          511                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data          514                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data          512                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data          515                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.num_writes::total        27458                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   3903147104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data   1922576290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1276790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1248010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1261092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1276790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_read::total   5830786076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   3903147104                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3903147104                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data    101507423                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data      2006758                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data      2017224                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data      2009374                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data      2022456                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_write::total    109563236                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.inst   3903147104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data   2024083713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3283548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3265234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      3270466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      3299246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.bw_total::total   5940349312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrQLen               21.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    697301122                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     67172400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::0     70761.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::1     81043.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::2            81648                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::3     41731.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::0            47736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::1            54672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::2            55080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::3     28152.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::0    107827.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::1    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::2    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::3    64396.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0   11197.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1   13685.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2   13271.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3    6635.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0 721915214.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1 723136619.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2 722507667.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3 719975499.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0 7970885088.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1   7969813680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2   7970365392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3   7972586592                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0   11163504318.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1   11163693989.760000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2   11163617348.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3   11163169501.440001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::0     77.847402                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::1     77.848724                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::2     77.848190                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::3     77.845067                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total              1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::writebacks          768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total            768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total                  4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::writebacks            3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                 3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       334896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       334896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       669791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total              1339583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::writebacks        1004687                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total             1004687                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::writebacks        1004687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       334896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       334896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       669791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total             2344270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                          4                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                         3                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                       32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                      24                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                  1024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                    768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                   1024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                 768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                    940879000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                   32                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                  24                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples            8                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean          224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   194.135395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.383672                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     12.50%     12.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     12.50%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287            6     75.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total            8                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean            48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    48.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::48               1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                      798400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                1340800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                    102400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        1.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        1.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     1.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     1.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     31.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                      28                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                     20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                 134411285.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   85.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE     696534451                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF       67172400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT         766671                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::0           1349308.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::1           1410998.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::2           1320278.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::3           1326931.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                 910248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::1           951864.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::2           890664.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                 895152                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::0          5153241.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::1          5455756.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::2          5028441.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::3          4966540.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0         2315796.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1         2412011.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2         2246123.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3         2266444.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0       731600490.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1       732577406.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2       732410346.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3       732680170.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0         7962389232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1       7961532288.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2         7961678832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3         7961442144                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0         11174184811.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1         11174806819.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2         11174041179.840000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3         11174043877.439999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::0           77.921881                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::1           77.926219                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::2           77.920879                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::3           77.920898                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrQLen               21.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    697301122                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     67172400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::0     73180.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::1     83462.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::2     80438.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::3     40521.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::0            49368                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::1     56304.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::2     54264.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::3            27336                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::0    107827.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::1    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::2    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::3    64396.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0   11197.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1   13685.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2   13271.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3    6635.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0 722630185.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1 723474789.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2 722817437.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3 720145788.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0   7970257920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1   7969517040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2   7970093664                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3   7972437216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0   11163596173.440001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1   11163739570.560001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2   11163653364.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3   11163188388.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::0     77.848042                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::1     77.849042                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::2     77.848441                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::3     77.845199                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::writebacks          768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total            768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::writebacks            3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total                 3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::writebacks        1004687                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total             1004687                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::writebacks        1004687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total             1004687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                         3                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                      24                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                    768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                 768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                    914992000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                  24                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples            4                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean          192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   147.220905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev   107.728053                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     25.00%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     25.00%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287            2     50.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total            4                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                         0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                       0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat                    0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        1.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     1.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     29.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                     20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                  0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                 304997333.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE     696948710                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF       67172400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT         352412                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::0           1380153.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::1           1428537.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::2                1321488                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::3           1339027.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                 931056                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::1                 963696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                 891480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                 903312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::0          5268057.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::1          5464243.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::2          5061388.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::3          5072870.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0         2395422.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1         2368880.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2         2246538.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3         2262712.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0       732598747.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1       733790384.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2       731610339.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3       732314148.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0       7961513568.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1         7960468272                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2         7962380592                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3         7961763216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0         11174553499.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1         11174950508.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2         11173978320.959999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3         11174121780.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::0           77.924452                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::1           77.927221                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::2           77.920441                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::3           77.921441                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total               256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks         1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           1024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                  1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks            4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                 4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       334896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               334896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        1339583                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             1339583                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        1339583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       334896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             1674479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          1                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                      32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                    768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                    256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                1024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            6                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                    921940000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    8                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                  32                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples            5                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   204.800000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.446100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    97.586884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1     20.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255            1     20.00%     40.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287            3     60.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total            5                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0                1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev          0                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                      199600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                 335200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                     25600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        1.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     1.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     28.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       7                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                     20                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 184388000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   67.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     696669451                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF       67172400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT         631671                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0                1548288                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1                1360800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::2           1553731.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::3                1490832                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0                1044480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1                 918000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::2                1048152                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::3                1005720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0          5883571.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1          5180198.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::2          5899046.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::3          5670412.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0         2677432.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1         2309160.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2         2671211.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3         2518179.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0       734254246.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1       732658556.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2       734350662.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3       733926692.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0         7960061376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1         7961461104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2         7959976800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3         7960348704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         11175935887.680000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         11174354313.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2         11175966097.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3         11175427034.879999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0           77.934092                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1           77.923063                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::2           77.934303                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::3           77.930544                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytes_read::total         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data         1024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.num_reads::total         1024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      5358332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_read::total        5358332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      5358332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bw_total::total       5358332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readReqs                 1024                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readBursts               1024                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM           27424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ             5344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadSys             4096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ             167                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1           88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6           65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totGap             2042994500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::2           1024                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0              857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples          226                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   121.345133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   116.825672                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    26.060364                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-47           10      4.42%      4.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::64-79            4      1.77%      6.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::96-111           31     13.72%     19.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-143          159     70.35%     90.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::160-175           22      9.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total          226                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totQLat               5882351                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totMemAccLat         20408501                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totBusLat             2742400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgQLat               6863.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat         23813.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBW                 35.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys               5.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtil                  0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilRead              0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                0.68                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrQLen               21.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHits               631                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          73.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgGap             1995111.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.pageHitRate             73.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE    527412770                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF     67172400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT    169888352                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::0     41126.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::1     41731.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::2     43545.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::3     22377.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::0            27744                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::1     28152.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::2            29376                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::3     15096.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::0    107827.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::1    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::2    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::3    64396.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0   11197.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1   13685.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2   13271.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3    6635.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0 720268251.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1 720648884.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2 720731620.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3 719062332.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0   7972329792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1   7971995904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2 7971923328.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3   7973387616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0   11163252432.959999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1   11163322646.400000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2   11163335430.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3   11163024948.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::0     77.845645                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::1     77.846135                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::2     77.846224                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::3     77.844059                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total               512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::writebacks          256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total            256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu2.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total                  2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::writebacks            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                 1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       334896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu2.data       334896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total               669791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::writebacks         334896                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total              334896                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::writebacks         334896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       334896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu2.data       334896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total             1004687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                          2                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                         1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                       16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                       8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                   512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                    512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                 256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                    914901000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                   16                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples            2                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean          256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   256.000000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287            2    100.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total            2                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                      399200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                 670400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                     51200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        0.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     0.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     23.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                      14                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                 304967000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   58.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE     697150122                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF       67172400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT         151000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::0           1354147.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::1           1470268.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::2           1306972.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::3                1330560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                 913512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::1                 991848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                 881688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::3                 897600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::0          5153241.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::1          5555596.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::2          5024947.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::3          5001484.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0         2342338.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1         2494955.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2         2210042.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3         2272665.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0       731666208.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1       733968607.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2          731933352                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3       732443725.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0         7962331584                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1         7960311936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2       7962097248.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3         7961649552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0         11174227526.400000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1         11175259706.880001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2         11173920744.959999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3         11174062081.920000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::0           77.922179                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::1           77.929377                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::2           77.920040                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::3           77.921025                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys1.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst      3057668                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data      1719936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_read::total      4777604                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst      3057668                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total      3057668                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst       764417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data       429984                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.num_reads::total      1194401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   4000000000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data   2249997057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_read::total   6249997057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   4000000000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   4000000000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.inst   4000000000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys1.cpu.data   2249997057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.bw_total::total   6249997057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total               256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total                  1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       334896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total               334896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       334896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total              334896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          1                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                    256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           19                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                    930327000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    8                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples            1                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean          256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   256.000000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev          0                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total            1                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                      199600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                 335200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                     25600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     23.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       7                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 930327000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE     697225622                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF       67172400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT          75500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0                1418256                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1           1340841.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::2           1349308.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::3           1444867.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0                 956760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                 904536                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                 910248                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                 974712                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0          5336947.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1          5161228.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::2          5103820.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::3               5468736                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0         2498273.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1         2292572.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2         2292986.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3         2428600.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0       732581346.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1       731345987.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2       732492973.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3          733382064                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0         7961528832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1         7962612480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2         7961606352                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3       7960826448.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         11174786908.799999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         11174124140.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2          11174222184                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3         11174991921.600000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0           77.926080                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1           77.921458                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::2           77.922142                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::3           77.927509                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys3.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst      2905296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      1487056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data         2258                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         2294                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data         2250                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         2302                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_read::total      4401456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst      2905296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total      2905296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data        62120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data          516                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bytes_written::total        64172                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst       726324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data       380256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          891                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          895                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_reads::total      1110108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data        20032                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data          258                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.num_writes::total        21058                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   3800669007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data   1945346584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2953885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3000980                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      2943420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      3011445                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_read::total   5757925321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   3800669007                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3800669007                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data     81264545                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       669791                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       669791                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       675024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       669791                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_write::total     83948944                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.inst   3800669007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data   2026611130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3623677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3670771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      3618444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      3681237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.bw_total::total   5841874265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrQLen               21.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE    697301122                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     67172400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::0            72576                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::1     82252.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::2     82252.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::3            42336                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::0            48960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::1            55488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::2            55488                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::3            28560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::0    107827.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::1    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::2    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::3    64396.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0   11197.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1   13685.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2   13271.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3    6635.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0 722237952.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1 723422257.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2 723156482.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3 719937524.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0   7970601984                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1   7969563120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2   7969796256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3   7972619904                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0   11163546991.679998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1   11163731093.760000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2    11163698040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3   11163165850.559999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::0     77.847699                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::1     77.848983                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::2     77.848753                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::3     77.845042                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys5.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst      2834220                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      1262188                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data         3282                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         3260                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data         3284                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         3244                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_read::total      4109478                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst      2834220                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total      2834220                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data       131758                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         2056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         2052                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         2054                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         2050                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bytes_written::total       139970                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst       708555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data       334318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         1366                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_reads::total      1048384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data        42837                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data          771                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data          769                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data          770                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data          769                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.num_writes::total        45916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   3707688343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data   1651177302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      4293468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      4264688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      4296084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      4243757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_read::total   5375963643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   3707688343                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3707688343                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data    172364037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data      2689631                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data      2684399                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data      2687015                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data      2681782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_write::total    183106864                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.inst   3707688343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data   1823541339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      6983100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      6949087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      6983100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      6925539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.bw_total::total   5559070507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst      2983280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      1467678                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          970                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data          976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_read::total      4454840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst      2983280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total      2983280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data        78122                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         1534                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         1540                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bytes_written::total        84268                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst       745820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data       378505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_reads::total      1126266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data        25579                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data          512                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data          511                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data          513                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.num_writes::total        27627                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   3902686623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data   1919996546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      1266325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      1268941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      1276790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      1266325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_read::total   5827761549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   3902686623                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3902686623                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data    102198146                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data      2009374                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data      2009374                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data      2006758                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data      2014607                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_write::total    110238260                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.inst   3902686623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data   2022194692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3275699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3278315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      3283548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      3280932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.bw_total::total   5937999809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks          256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total            256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                 1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks         334896                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total              334896                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks         334896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total              334896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                 256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                    939800000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     23.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 939800000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                    0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE     697301122                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF       67172400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT              0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0           1395878.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1           1313020.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::2           1308787.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::3                1339632                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0           941664.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                 885768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                 882912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                 903720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0          5303500.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1          5095833.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::2          4968038.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::3          5017459.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0         2421964.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1         2285936.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2         2190136.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3         2302525.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0       732719733.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1       731219474.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2       732475025.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3       732478363.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0         7961407440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1         7962723456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2         7961622096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3       7961619168.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         11174656675.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          11173989984                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2         11173913489.280001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3         11174127361.920000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0           77.925171                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1           77.920522                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::2           77.919989                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::3           77.921480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_read::total         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_written::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data         4096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytes_written::total         4096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_reads::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data         1024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_reads::total         1024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_writes::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data         1024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.num_writes::total         1024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_read::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      5358332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_read::total        5358332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_write::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data      5358332                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_write::total       5358332                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::system.pim_sys5.cpu.data     10716664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bw_total::total      10716664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readReqs                 1024                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeReqs                1024                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readBursts               1024                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeBursts              1024                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM           27456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ             5312                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWritten             3488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadSys             4096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys          4096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ             166                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts            894                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1           88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6           66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1           11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2           18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6            8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7            8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totGap              737466500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::2           1024                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::2          1024                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0              858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples          248                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   124.774194                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   117.229627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    40.644771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63           10      4.03%      4.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::64-95           21      8.47%     12.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::96-127           27     10.89%     23.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::128-159          149     60.08%     83.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::160-191           29     11.69%     95.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3      1.21%     96.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287            9      3.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total          248                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0            6    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean    18.166667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.162935                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.408248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::18            5     83.33%     83.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::19            1     16.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totQLat               6053877                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totMemAccLat         20596977                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totBusLat             2745600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgQLat               7055.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat         24005.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBW                 35.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBW                  4.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys               5.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys               5.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtil                  0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilRead              0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilWrite             0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                0.36                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrQLen               21.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHits               632                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHits               87                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          73.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate         66.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgGap              360091.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.pageHitRate             72.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE    527482012                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF     67172400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT    169819110                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::0     40521.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::1     44755.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::2            42336                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::3     22377.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::0            27336                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::1     30192.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::2            28560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::3     15096.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::0    107827.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::1    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::2    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::3           64896                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0   11197.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1   14100.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2   13271.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3    6635.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0 720311590.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1 720639745.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2 720568938.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3 719044274.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0   7972291776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1   7972003920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2   7972066032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3   7973403456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0   11163256742.400000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1   11163327002.880001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2   11163313426.559999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3   11163023230.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::0     77.845675                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::1     77.846165                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::2     77.846071                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::3     77.844047                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total               256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::writebacks          256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total            256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total                  1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::writebacks            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                 1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu3.data       334896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total               334896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::writebacks         334896                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total              334896                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::writebacks         334896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu3.data       334896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total              669791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                          1                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                         1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                        8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                       8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                    256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                 256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                    925690000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    8                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   8                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples            1                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean          256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   256.000000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev          0                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total            1                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                      199600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                 335200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                     25600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        0.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     0.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     23.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                       7                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                 462845000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   43.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE     697225622                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF       67172400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT          75500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::0           1371686.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::1                1430352                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::2                1224720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::3           1435795.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::0           925344.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                 964920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                 826200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                 968592                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::0          5108313.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::1          5397350.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::2          4712947.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::3          5407833.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0         2468413.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1         2452239.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2         2080235.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3         2458460.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0       732303204.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1       733253964.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2       731017558.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3       733428138.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0         7961772816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1         7960938816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2         7962900576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3         7960786032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0          11174416272                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1         11174904136.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2         11173228730.879999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3         11174951345.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::0           77.923495                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::1           77.926897                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::2           77.915214                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::3           77.927226                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data         1024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.num_reads::total         1024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      5358332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_read::total        5358332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::system.pim_sys3.cpu.data      5358332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bw_total::total       5358332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readReqs                 1024                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readBursts               1024                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM           27424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ             5344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadSys             4096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ             167                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5           89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7           64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totGap             2293843000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::2           1024                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0              857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples          223                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   122.977578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.541026                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    22.881489                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-47            7      3.14%      3.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::64-79            3      1.35%      4.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::96-111           26     11.66%     16.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-143          169     75.78%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::160-175           18      8.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total          223                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totQLat               5508478                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totMemAccLat         20034628                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totBusLat             2742400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgQLat               6427.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat         23377.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBW                 35.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys               5.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtil                  0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilRead              0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrQLen               21.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHits               634                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          73.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgGap             2240081.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.pageHitRate             73.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE    529121486                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     67172400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    168179636                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::0     45964.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::1     42940.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::2     36892.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::3            21168                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::0     31008.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::1            28968                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::2            24888                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::3            14280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::0    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::1    127795.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::2    108326.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::3    63897.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0   13271.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1   13685.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2   11197.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3    6635.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0 720835260.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1 720726477.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2 720105788.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3 718888760.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0   7971832416                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1   7971927840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2   7972472304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3   7973539872                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0   11163352209.599998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1   11163334200.960001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2   11163225890.879999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3   11163001107.840000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::0     77.846341                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::1     77.846216                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::2     77.845460                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::3     77.843893                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys0.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst      3057664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data      1719936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::total      4777600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst      3057664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total      3057664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst       764416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data       429984                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::total      1194400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   3999994767                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data   2249997057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::total   6249991824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   3999994767                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3999994767                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data         1308                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::total         1308                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   3999994767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data   2249997057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::total   6249993132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_written::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data         4100                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytes_written::total         4100                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_writes::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data         1025                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.num_writes::total         1025                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_write::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      5363565                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_write::total       5363565                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_total::system.pim_sys6.cpu.data      5363565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bw_total::total       5363565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeReqs                1025                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeBursts              1025                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWritten             3456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys          4100                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts            896                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1           11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2           17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6            8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7            8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totGap              244907500                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::2          1025                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples           20                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.800000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   135.367302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    98.712555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     10.00%     10.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::64-95            6     30.00%     40.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     10.00%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287           10     50.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total           20                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0            6    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::18            6    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBW                  4.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys               5.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtil                  0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilWrite             0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrQLen               14.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHits               88                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate         68.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgGap              238934.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.pageHitRate             68.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE    694168060                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF     67172400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT      3133062                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::0      5443.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::1             3024                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::2      2419.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::3      1209.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::0             3672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::1             2040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::2      1632.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::3       816.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0   11197.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1   13685.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2   13271.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3    6635.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0 717401197.440000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1 717262044.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2 717302920.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3 717257338.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0   7974844752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1   7974966816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2   7974930960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3   7974970944                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0   11162732756.160000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1   11162714104.320000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2   11162717696.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3   11162703437.759998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::0     77.842021                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::1     77.841891                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::2     77.841916                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::3     77.841817                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total            512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks            2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                 2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks         669791                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              669791                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks         669791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              669791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         2                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                      16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                 512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                    917346000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                  16                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     35.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 458673000.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                    0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     697301122                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF       67172400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT              0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0           1391644.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1           1338422.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::2           1407974.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::3           1458172.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                 938808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1           902904.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::2           949824.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::3                 983688                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0          5371891.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1          5178700.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::2          5307993.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::3          5449766.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0         2429015.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1         2269347.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2         2395422.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3         2451824.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3       2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0       731947524.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1       731626701.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2       733286030.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3          733983984                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0         7962084816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1         7962366240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2       7960910688.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3       7960298448.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         11174630193.599998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         11174148810.240002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2         11174724427.200001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3         11175092377.920000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0           77.924987                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1           77.921630                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::2           77.925644                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::3           77.928210                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys2.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst      3057668                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data      1719936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_read::total      4777604                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst      3057668                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total      3057668                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst       764417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data       429984                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.num_reads::total      1194401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   4000000000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data   2249997057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_read::total   6249997057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   4000000000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   4000000000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.inst   4000000000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys2.cpu.data   2249997057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.bw_total::total   6249997057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst      2903928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data      1486820                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data         2292                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data         2300                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data         2298                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data         2280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_read::total      4399918                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst      2903928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total      2903928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data        61940                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data          514                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data          514                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data          512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data          516                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bytes_written::total        63996                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst       725982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data       380169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data          891                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data          893                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data          893                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data          884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_reads::total      1109712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data        19973                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data          257                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data          257                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data          256                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data          257                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.num_writes::total        21000                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   3798879407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data   1945037852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data      2998363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data      3008829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data      3006213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data      2982665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_read::total   5755913330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   3798879407                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total   3798879407                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data     81029072                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data       672408                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data       672408                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data       669791                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data       675024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_write::total     83718703                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.inst   3798879407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys4.cpu.data   2026066924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data      3670771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data      3681237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data      3676004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data      3657689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.bw_total::total   5839632033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_written::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data         4092                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytes_written::total         4092                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_writes::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data         1023                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.num_writes::total         1023                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_write::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      5353099                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_write::total       5353099                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_total::system.pim_sys7.cpu.data      5353099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bw_total::total       5353099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeReqs                1023                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeBursts              1023                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWritten             3456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys          4092                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts            894                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1           11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2           17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5           16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6            8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7            8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totGap              246437000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::2          1023                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14               1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20               7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32               6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples           20                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.800000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   135.367302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    98.712555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     10.00%     10.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::64-95            6     30.00%     40.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     10.00%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287           10     50.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total           20                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0            6    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::18            6    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBW                  4.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys               5.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtil                  0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilWrite             0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                7.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHits               88                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate         68.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgGap              240896.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.pageHitRate             68.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE    694727308                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF     67172400                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT      2573814                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::0      5443.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::1             3024                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::2      2419.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::3      1209.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::0             3672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::1             2040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::2      1632.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::3       816.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0   11197.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1   13685.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2   13271.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3    6635.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3 2470466494.080000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0    717362784                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1 717304343.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2 717266039.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3 717213617.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0 7974878448.000001                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1   7974929712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2   7974963312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3   7975009296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0   11162728038.719999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1   11162719298.880001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2   11162713167.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3   11162698068.480000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::0     77.841989                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::1     77.841928                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::2     77.841885                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::3     77.841780                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               16482                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              16482                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9235                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9235                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                15                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               71                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            101                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              32                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave        51655                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        51663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  51663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave        69865                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total        69881                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   69881                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      8241000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     16544000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      9235000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      4617500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       247500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        35500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        50500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        16000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         2500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        82500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          294                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          374                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq          126                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp          143                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback        14000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                           422                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                          518                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                     25709                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                          420                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                    25709                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                         517                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime               14000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime                  0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                              140                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               196                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                     196    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 196                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy                3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                   4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy            17739000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded               25765                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy           21260000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded              25754                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq              16480                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp             16480                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq              9233                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp             9233                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback               15                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              30                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             32                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave         2132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave         2076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave         4430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave         2210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave         2004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total        12880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave         2272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave         2606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave         4482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave         1686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave         1808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total        12880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port            5                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave         2350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave         2380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave         4412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave         1908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave         1810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total        12878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave         2354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave         2114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave         3856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave         2170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave         2356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total        12877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total                 51515                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave         2598                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave         2522                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave         5510                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave         2444                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave         2438                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total        17305                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave         2830                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave         3246                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave         5444                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave         2258                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave         2294                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total        17352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave         2878                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave         2862                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave         5516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave         2658                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave         2530                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total        17724                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys3.s2p.slave         2850                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys4.s2p.slave         2596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys5.s2p.slave         4812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys6.s2p.slave         2668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys7.s2p.slave         2766                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total        17484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total                  69865                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     17795700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     39315600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     19074400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     12644500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       141000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        42000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        44768                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         7000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        49500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          275                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           88                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        94300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        39000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                          363                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                    25709                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                         363                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime               133300                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                   25709                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime             133300                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy              47400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded                 11                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy              18800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                  2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy              28000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded                 20                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy              10800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded                  2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy              13600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded                  4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy              38000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded                 10                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy              12200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded                  3                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy              29600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded                  4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy               2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded                  1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy           5926800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded              4554                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy           5967900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded              4588                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy          12306800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded              8590                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy           6331300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded              3987                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy           6329500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded              3989                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy          13427792                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded              6438                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy          13132791                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded              6439                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy          12401794                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded              6437                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy          13091991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded              6436                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq        16480                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp        16480                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq         9233                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp         9233                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback           15                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           30                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           32                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave        12880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave        12880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave        12878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave        12877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total        51515                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave        17305                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave        17352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave        17724                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave        17484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total        69865                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     13184000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     14844400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      8309700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      7386400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback        60000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        24000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        25600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         4000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        20000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           91                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp           37                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        39300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        17100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                   129                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess              25709                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess             25709                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                  128                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime         56400                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime        56900                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy      5352900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded         6442                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy      5380200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded         6441                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy      5456200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded         6441                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy      5394000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded         6441                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy     22276400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded        25750                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              18311                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             18310                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              9235                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             9235                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback              231                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              78                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           103                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            181                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               40                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              40                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        13167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        13118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          397                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        13185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        13275                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           53                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          269                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 55182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        60928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        45628                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        45312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        36670                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        50688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        47156                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        52736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        57150                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        46080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        26381                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 469045                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      9160989                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     59869446                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      9235000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      4618995                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      7508498                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        39000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        51999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        20999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        21497                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       618498                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          527                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           60                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq          150                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           11                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           15                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           28                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      5909000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       941500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      1486500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback       184500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       217500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       684500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        37500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        31000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                          739                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                          62                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                    25709                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                         414                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime              2652500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                   25709                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime            8519500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime            972500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                             582                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             2285                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                  2285    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               2285                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           26018983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded              27998                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           7739989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded               238                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          10269988                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded              6619                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy              8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded                 8                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy           5753994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded               177                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy           9847986                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded              6604                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy             10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded                10                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy          6437494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded              198                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy         10530489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization            1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded             6629                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.occupancy             7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                7                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy            28998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded               28                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy          6697494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded              206                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy         12539492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization            1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded             6683                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.occupancy             7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                7                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy            28000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded               28                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy          5853492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              180                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          3464000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              142                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_access                764416                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_access                429984                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numCycles                 1528834                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedInsts             764416                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedOps               764416                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses       573312                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       143328                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_insts              573312                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_reads      1003296                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_writes       429984                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_reads      3511536                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_writes       429984                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_mem_refs               429984                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_load_insts             429984                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_busy_cycles           1528834                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.Branches                   167216                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntAlu           334432     43.75%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemRead          429984     56.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::total            764416                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0           76    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0           76    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           76    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           76    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::0              76    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::total           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::0             76    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::total           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq      1194400                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp      1194400                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port       859968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total       859968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port      1528832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total      1528832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count::total       2388802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port      1719936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total      1719936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port      3057664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total      3057664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size::total        4777601                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    597200000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1223066000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       143331                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp      1051070                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    377430000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedReq               143331                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedResp             1051070                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime         1000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime    377430000                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy    597201000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         78.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded      1194401                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy    458649800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         60.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded       429984                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy    764416200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization        100.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded       764416                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_access                764417                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_access                429984                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numCycles                 1528834                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedInsts             764417                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedOps               764417                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses       573312                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       143329                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_insts              573312                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_reads      1003296                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_writes       429984                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_cc_register_reads      3511539                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_cc_register_writes       429984                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_mem_refs               429984                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_load_insts             429984                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_busy_cycles           1528834                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.Branches                   167217                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntAlu           334433     43.75%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemRead          429984     56.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::total            764417                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0           76    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0           76    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           76    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           76    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::0              76    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::total           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::0             76    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::total           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq      1194401                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp      1194401                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port       859968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::total       859968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port      1528834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::total      1528834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_count::total       2388802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port      1719936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.dtlb-master::total      1719936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.port      3057668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys1.itlb-master::total      3057668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pkt_size::total        4777604                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    597200500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1223066600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       143328                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp      1051073                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    377431100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedReq               143328                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedResp             1051073                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime    377431100                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy    597200500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         78.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded      1194401                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy    458649600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         60.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded       429984                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy    764417000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization        100.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded       764417                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_access                764417                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_access                429984                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numCycles                 1528834                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedInsts             764417                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedOps               764417                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses       573312                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       143328                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_insts              573312                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_reads      1003296                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_writes       429984                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_cc_register_reads      3511539                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_cc_register_writes       429984                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_mem_refs               429984                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_load_insts             429984                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_busy_cycles           1528834                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.Branches                   167217                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntAlu           334433     43.75%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemRead          429984     56.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::total            764417                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0           76    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0           76    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           76    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           76    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::0              76    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::total           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::0             76    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::total           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq      1194401                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp      1194401                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port       859968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::total       859968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port      1528834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::total      1528834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_count::total       2388802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port      1719936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.dtlb-master::total      1719936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.port      3057668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys2.itlb-master::total      3057668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pkt_size::total        4777604                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    597200500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1223066600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       143328                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp      1051073                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    377431100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedReq               143328                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedResp             1051073                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime    377431100                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy    597200500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         78.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded      1194401                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy    458649600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         60.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded       429984                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy    764417000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization        100.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded       764417                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_access                726324                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_access                401312                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access              1024                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numCycles                 1528833                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedInsts             726324                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedOps               726324                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses       565741                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       119223                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_insts              565741                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_reads      1000208                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_writes       426486                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_reads      3274200                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_cc_register_writes       412879                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_mem_refs               401311                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_load_insts             381279                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_store_insts             20032                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_busy_cycles           1528833                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.Branches                   144379                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntAlu           325013     44.75%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     44.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemRead          381279     52.49%     97.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemWrite          20032      2.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::total            726324                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4         1024    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 5373684.210526                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 7791505.946368                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.04858e+06           51     67.11%     67.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-2.09715e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-3.14573e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-4.1943e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-5.24288e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-8.38861e+06            1      1.32%     68.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.15343e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.15343e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.36315e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.36315e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.57286e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.57286e+07-1.67772e+07           11     14.47%     82.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.78258e+07           13     17.11%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.78258e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-1.99229e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.99229e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 5358331.905230      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalReadBytes              4096                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0           76    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples         1024                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 26666.503906                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 21242.044415                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 18572.514117                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-8191          167     16.31%     16.31% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%     16.31% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575          634     61.91%     78.22% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     78.22% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959          183     17.87%     96.09% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            2      0.20%     96.29% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            3      0.29%     96.58% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%     96.58% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            6      0.59%     97.17% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            1      0.10%     97.27% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            1      0.10%     97.36% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            4      0.39%     97.75% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            3      0.29%     98.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            4      0.39%     98.44% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            1      0.10%     98.54% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071           14      1.37%     99.90% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            1      0.10%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::total         1024                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::samples         1023                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   239752.199413                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  141542.079975                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           11      1.08%      1.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0      0.00%      1.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0      0.00%      1.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0      0.00%      1.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000          197     19.26%     20.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0      0.00%     20.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows          815     79.67%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        72500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value       762000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::total          1023                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::samples          1024                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     2240081.054688                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    64010679.706751                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000           11      1.07%      1.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0      0.00%      1.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0      0.00%      1.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0      0.00%      1.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000          197     19.24%     20.31% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0      0.00%     20.31% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows          816     79.69%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        72500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value   2048576500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::total            1024                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.013158                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.114708                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           75     98.68%     98.68% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            1      1.32%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           76    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::mean    13.434211                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    19.478765                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::0-3            51     67.11%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::4-7             0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::8-11            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::12-15            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::16-19            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::20-23            1      1.32%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::24-27            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::28-31            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::32-35            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::36-39            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::40-43           23     30.26%     98.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::44-47            1      1.32%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::48-51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::52-55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::56-59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::60-63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::64-67            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::68-71            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::72-75            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::76-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::total           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::0             76    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::total           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq      1111132                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp      1111132                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq        21058                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp        21058                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave         2048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port       800575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total       802623                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port      1452649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total      1452649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port         9108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total         9108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_count::total       2264380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.Smon-slave         4096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port      1549172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.dtlb-master::total      1553268                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port      2905300                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.itlb-master::total      2905300                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.port        11156                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys3.s2p.master::total        11156                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pkt_size::total        4469724                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    555566000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1148874200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     21058000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     14294200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       208680                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       920746                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1646                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         2019                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     12453000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    345907500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       298500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       403800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedReq               210326                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedResp              922765                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqSuccess             4554                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqFail                1678                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime       706000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespSuccess            4554                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespFail                 34                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime         6800                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime     12751500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime    346311300                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy       512000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded         1024                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy    576112000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         75.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded      1131166                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy    427476000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         55.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded       401311                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy    730920400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         95.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded       726325                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy      4772000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded         4554                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_access                725982                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_access                401166                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access              1024                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numCycles                 1528833                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedInsts             725982                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedOps               725982                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses       565451                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       119193                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_insts              565451                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_reads       999689                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_writes       426285                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_reads      3272895                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_cc_register_writes       412643                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_mem_refs               401166                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_load_insts             381193                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_store_insts             19973                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_busy_cycles           1528833                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.Branches                   144321                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntAlu           324816     44.74%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     44.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemRead          381193     52.51%     97.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemWrite          19973      2.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::total            725982                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4         1024    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 5389473.684211                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 7814782.214024                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.04858e+06           51     67.11%     67.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-2.09715e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-3.14573e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-4.1943e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-5.24288e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-7.34003e+06            1      1.32%     68.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.15343e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.15343e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.36315e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.36315e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.57286e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.57286e+07-1.67772e+07            8     10.53%     78.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.78258e+07           16     21.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.78258e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-1.99229e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.99229e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 5358331.905230      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalReadBytes              4096                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0           76    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples         1024                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 27031.250000                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 21370.594999                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 19428.214611                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-8191          167     16.31%     16.31% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%     16.31% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575          631     61.62%     77.93% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     77.93% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959          181     17.68%     95.61% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            2      0.20%     95.80% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            2      0.20%     96.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            1      0.10%     96.09% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            7      0.68%     96.78% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            1      0.10%     96.88% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            4      0.39%     97.27% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            1      0.10%     97.36% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            4      0.39%     97.75% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            4      0.39%     98.14% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            3      0.29%     98.44% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071           15      1.46%     99.90% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            1      0.10%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::total         1024                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::samples         1023                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   239574.780059                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  129259.898497                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           27      2.64%      2.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0      0.00%      2.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0      0.00%      2.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0      0.00%      2.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000          143     13.98%     16.62% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0      0.00%     16.62% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows          853     83.38%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        72500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value       608500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::total          1023                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::samples          1024                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     1995111.816406                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    56177333.726697                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000           27      2.64%      2.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0      0.00%      2.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0      0.00%      2.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0      0.00%      2.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000          143     13.96%     16.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0      0.00%     16.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows          854     83.40%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        72500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value   1797909500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::total            1024                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.013158                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.114708                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           75     98.68%     98.68% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            1      1.32%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           76    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::mean    13.473684                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    19.537638                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::0-3            51     67.11%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::4-7             0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::8-11            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::12-15            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::16-19            1      1.32%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::20-23            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::24-27            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::28-31            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::32-35            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::36-39            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::40-43           23     30.26%     98.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::44-47            1      1.32%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::48-51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::52-55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::56-59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::60-63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::64-67            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::68-71            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::72-75            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::76-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::total           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::0             76    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::total           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq      1110736                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp      1110736                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq        21000                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp        21000                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave         2048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port       800284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total       802332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port      1451964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total      1451964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port         9176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total         9176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_count::total       2263472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.Smon-slave         4096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port      1548760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.dtlb-master::total      1552856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port      2903928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.itlb-master::total      2903928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.port        11226                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys4.s2p.master::total        11226                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pkt_size::total        4468010                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    555368000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1148435800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     21000000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     14249800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       208354                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       920541                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1659                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         2020                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     12388500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    345775700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       300000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       404000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedReq               210013                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedResp              922561                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqSuccess             4588                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqFail                1626                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime       681500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespSuccess            4588                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespFail                 11                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime         2200                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime     12688500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime    346179700                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy       512000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded         1024                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy    575856000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         75.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded      1130712                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy    427309500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         55.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded       401166                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy    730566800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         95.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded       725982                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy      4809300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded         4588                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_access                708555                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_access                379203                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access              2048                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numCycles                 1528835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedInsts             708555                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedOps               708555                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses       574204                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        97215                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_insts              574204                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_reads      1024055                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_writes       433128                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_reads      3106194                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_cc_register_writes       411449                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_mem_refs               379203                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_load_insts             335342                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_store_insts             43861                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_busy_cycles           1528835                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.Branches                   125852                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntAlu           329352     46.48%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemRead          335342     47.33%     93.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemWrite          43861      6.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::total            708555                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4         1024    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4         1024    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         1024                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 5389473.684211                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 7778664.477443                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.04858e+06           51     67.11%     67.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-2.09715e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-3.14573e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-4.1943e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-5.24288e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.15343e+07            1      1.32%     68.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.15343e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.36315e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.36315e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.57286e+07            1      1.32%     69.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.57286e+07-1.67772e+07           12     15.79%     85.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.78258e+07           11     14.47%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.78258e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-1.99229e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.99229e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 5358331.905230      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalReadBytes              4096                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 5378947.368421                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 7793712.265486                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.04858e+06           51     67.11%     67.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-2.09715e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-3.14573e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-4.1943e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-5.24288e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-9.43718e+06            1      1.32%     68.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.15343e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.15343e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.36315e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.36315e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.57286e+07            1      1.32%     69.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+07-1.67772e+07            7      9.21%     78.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.78258e+07           16     21.05%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.78258e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-1.99229e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.99229e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 5358331.905230      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           4096                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples         1024                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 27219.238281                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 21434.811320                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 20140.113579                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-8191          166     16.21%     16.21% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383            0      0.00%     16.21% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575          632     61.72%     77.93% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     77.93% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959          184     17.97%     95.90% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%     95.90% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            3      0.29%     96.19% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%     96.19% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%     96.19% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            4      0.39%     96.58% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            4      0.39%     96.97% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            4      0.39%     97.36% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            1      0.10%     97.46% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%     97.46% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            6      0.59%     98.05% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071           18      1.76%     99.80% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            2      0.20%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::total         1024                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples         1024                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607         1024    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total         1024                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::samples         1023                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   240296.676442                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  143084.996597                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           32      3.13%      3.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0      0.00%      3.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0      0.00%      3.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0      0.00%      3.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000          166     16.23%     19.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0      0.00%     19.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows          825     80.65%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value        72500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value       888000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::total          1023                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples         1023                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 239937.927664                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 159009.325406                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          188     18.38%     18.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000           31      3.03%     21.41% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     21.41% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     21.41% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000           84      8.21%     29.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     29.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     29.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     29.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          720     70.38%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        64000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value       714000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total         1023                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::samples          2047                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     360266.976063                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    5438127.804112                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000          188      9.18%      9.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           31      1.51%     10.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000           32      1.56%     12.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0      0.00%     12.26% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           84      4.10%     16.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0      0.00%     16.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000          166      8.11%     24.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0      0.00%     24.47% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows         1546     75.53%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        64000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value    246186500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::total            2047                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.026316                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.161136                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           74     97.37%     97.37% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            2      2.63%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           76    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::mean    13.473684                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    19.447347                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::0-3            51     67.11%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::4-7             0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::8-11            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::12-15            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::16-19            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::20-23            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::24-27            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::28-31            1      1.32%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::32-35            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::36-39            1      1.32%     69.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::40-43           21     27.63%     97.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::44-47            2      2.63%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::48-51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::52-55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::56-59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::60-63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::64-67            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::68-71            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::72-75            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::76-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::total           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::mean    13.447368                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev    19.484281                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::0-3           51     67.11%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::4-7            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::8-11            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::12-15            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::16-19            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::20-23            1      1.32%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::24-27            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::28-31            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::32-35            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::36-39            1      1.32%     69.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::40-43           23     30.26%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::44-47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::48-51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::52-55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::56-59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::60-63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::64-67            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::68-71            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::72-75            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::76-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::total           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq      1049408                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp      1049408                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq        46940                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp        46940                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave         4096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port       754310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total       758406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port      1417110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total      1417110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port        17180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total        17180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_count::total       2192696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.Smon-slave         8192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port      1393946                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.dtlb-master::total      1402138                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port      2834220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.itlb-master::total      2834220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.port        21282                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys5.s2p.master::total        21282                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pkt_size::total        4257640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    524704000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1098617200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     46940000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     31912200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       290308                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       801197                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         3276                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         3035                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     26456500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    323379100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       878000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       607500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedReq               293584                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedResp              804232                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqSuccess             8590                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqFail                3405                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime      1392000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespSuccess            8590                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespFail                 61                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime        12700                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime     27334500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime    323986600                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy      1536000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded         2048                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy    570108000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         74.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded      1094300                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy    403752100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         52.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded       379203                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy    718383000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         94.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded       708555                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy      8394300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded         8590                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_access                745909                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_access                405346                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access              1025                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numCycles                 1528834                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedInsts             745909                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedOps               745909                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses       582685                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       119703                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_insts              582685                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_reads      1029201                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_writes       436551                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_reads      3328263                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_cc_register_writes       430136                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_mem_refs               405346                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_load_insts             378915                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_store_insts             26431                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_busy_cycles           1528834                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.Branches                   147821                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntAlu           340563     45.66%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemRead          378915     50.80%     96.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemWrite          26431      3.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::total            745909                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         1025                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4         1025    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         1025                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0           76    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 5394736.842105                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 7795381.448642                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.04858e+06           50     65.79%     65.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-2.09715e+06            1      1.32%     67.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-3.14573e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-4.1943e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-5.24288e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-8.38861e+06            1      1.32%     68.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.15343e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.15343e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.36315e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.36315e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.57286e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+07-1.67772e+07           10     13.16%     81.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.78258e+07           14     18.42%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.78258e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-1.99229e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.99229e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 5363564.651231      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           4100                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples         1025                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607         1025    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total         1025                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples         1024                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 239167.480469                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 148508.813115                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          153     14.94%     14.94% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000           26      2.54%     17.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     17.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     17.48% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000           88      8.59%     26.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     26.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     26.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            2      0.20%     26.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          755     73.73%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        64000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value       715000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total         1024                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::samples          1024                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     239167.480469                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    148508.813115                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000          153     14.94%     14.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           26      2.54%     17.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0      0.00%     17.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0      0.00%     17.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000           88      8.59%     26.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0      0.00%     26.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0      0.00%     26.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            2      0.20%     26.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows          755     73.73%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        64000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value       715000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::total            1024                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           76    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           76    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::0              76    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::total           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::mean    13.486842                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev    19.488454                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::0-3           51     67.11%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::4-7            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::8-11            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::12-15            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::16-19            1      1.32%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::20-23            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::24-27            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::28-31            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::32-35            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::36-39            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::40-43           24     31.58%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::44-47            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::48-51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::52-55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::56-59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::60-63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::64-67            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::68-71            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::72-75            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::76-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::total           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq      1126758                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp      1126759                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq        28483                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp        28483                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.Smon-slave         2050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port       808642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total       810692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port      1491817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total      1491817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port         7974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::total         7974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_count::total       2310483                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.Smon-slave         4100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port      1547244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.dtlb-master::total      1551344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port      2983636                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.itlb-master::total      2983636                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.port        10028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys6.s2p.master::total        10028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pkt_size::total        4545008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    563379000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1168070200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     28483000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     19438700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       233433                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       919742                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1554                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         1009                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     15324500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    353444100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       560500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       201800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedReq               234987                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedResp              920751                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqSuccess             3987                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqFail                1649                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime       691000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespSuccess            3987                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespFail                  3                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime          600                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime     15885000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime    353645900                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy      1025000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded         1025                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy    590837000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         77.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded      1154216                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy    432272100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         56.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded       405346                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy    751663600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         98.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded       745909                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy      3573200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded         3987                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_access                745820                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_access                405107                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access              1023                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numCycles                 1528834                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedInsts             745820                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedOps               745820                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses       582655                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       119589                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_insts              582655                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_reads      1029169                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_writes       436464                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_cc_register_reads      3326841                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_cc_register_writes       430208                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_mem_refs               405107                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_load_insts             378505                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_store_insts             26602                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_busy_cycles           1528834                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.Branches                   147787                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntAlu           340713     45.68%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemRead          378505     50.75%     96.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemWrite          26602      3.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::total            745820                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         1023                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4         1023    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         1023                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0           76    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total           76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean 5384210.526316                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 7771247.049332                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.04858e+06           51     67.11%     67.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-2.09715e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-3.14573e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+06-4.1943e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-5.24288e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5.24288e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-7.34003e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7.34003e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-9.43718e+06            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9.43718e+06-1.04858e+07            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.15343e+07            1      1.32%     68.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.15343e+07-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.36315e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.36315e+07-1.46801e+07            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.57286e+07            2      2.63%     71.05% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.57286e+07-1.67772e+07            9     11.84%     82.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.78258e+07           13     17.11%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.78258e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-1.99229e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.99229e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total           76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth 5353099.159229      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           4092                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples         1023                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607         1023    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total         1023                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples         1022                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 241132.093933                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 157750.572306                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000          149     14.58%     14.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000           19      1.86%     16.44% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     16.44% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     16.44% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000          102      9.98%     26.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     26.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     26.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            1      0.10%     26.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          751     73.48%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value        64000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value      1016000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total         1022                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::samples          1022                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     241132.093933                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    157750.572306                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000          149     14.58%     14.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           19      1.86%     16.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0      0.00%     16.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0      0.00%     16.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          102      9.98%     26.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0      0.00%     26.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0      0.00%     26.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            1      0.10%     26.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows          751     73.48%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value        64000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value      1016000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::total            1022                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0           76    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0           76    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::0              76    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::total           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::mean    13.460526                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev    19.428118                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::0-3           51     67.11%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::4-7            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::8-11            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::12-15            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::16-19            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::20-23            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::24-27            0      0.00%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::28-31            1      1.32%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::32-35            0      0.00%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::36-39            2      2.63%     71.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::40-43           21     27.63%     98.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::44-47            1      1.32%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::48-51            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::52-55            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::56-59            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::60-63            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::64-67            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::68-71            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::72-75            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::76-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::total           76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq      1126266                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp      1126266                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq        28650                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp        28650                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.Smon-slave         2046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port       808168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::total       810214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port      1491640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::total      1491640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port         7978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::total         7978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_count::total       2309832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.Smon-slave         4092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port      1545800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.dtlb-master::total      1549892                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port      2983280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.itlb-master::total      2983280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.port        10028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys7.s2p.master::total        10028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pkt_size::total        4543200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    563133000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1167665200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     28650000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     19559800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq       234080                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp       918842                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1560                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         1005                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     15459000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    353326400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       546500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp       201000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedReq               235640                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedResp              919847                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqSuccess             3989                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqFail                1692                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime       702000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespSuccess            3989                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespFail                  9                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime         1800                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime     16005500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime    353527400                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy      1023000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded         1023                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy    590760000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         77.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded      1153893                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy    432021000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         56.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded       405107                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy    751618200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         98.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded       745820                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy      3585800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded         3989                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                        30                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8031.568605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        2298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                        30                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     76.600000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3429.730511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst   878.659163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   609.933912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst   254.214316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data          259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.itb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst   592.964411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   804.075079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst           30                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data    35.076959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.itb.walker            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst           72                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data    18.995850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.itb.walker            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst           47                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data    66.990634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst           33                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data    45.968537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   337.959232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.418668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.107258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.074455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.031032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.031616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.072383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.098154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.003662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.004282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.itb.walker     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.008789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.002319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.itb.walker     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.005737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.008178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.004028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.005611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.060547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.041255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.980416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.002441                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978760                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     13696                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    13696                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst          238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           66                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst          177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           50                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst          199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst          206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           91                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           49                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    1408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks              231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                   231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst           238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data            68                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst           177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data            50                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst           199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data            73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst           206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data            93                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data            59                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst          238                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data           68                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst          177                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data           50                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           24                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst          199                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data           73                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           25                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst          206                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data           93                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          180                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data           59                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1422                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                     4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                      9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                     9                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       497500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total          497500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       248500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       248500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       124500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        621500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       248500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       248500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       622000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total          1119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       248500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       248500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       622000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total         1119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           66                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           50                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           73                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           95                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           49                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                1412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total               231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               37                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                19                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data           68                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data           52                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data           75                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data           59                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 1431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst          238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data           68                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst          177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data           52                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst          199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data           75                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst          206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data           98                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data           59                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                1431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.042105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.002833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.714286                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.900000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.810811                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.263158                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.026667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.051020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.006289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.026667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.051020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.006289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       124375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       124375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        13100                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2183.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       124250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       124250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       124500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       124300                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       124250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       124250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       124400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       124250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       124250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       124400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   15                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        15                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total                 9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total                9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       453500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       453500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       108000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       108500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       271500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       162500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       978000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1628500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       108000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       226500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       226500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       113500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       566500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       226500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       226500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       567000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1020000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       226500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       226500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       567000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1020000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    123812997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    123831000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data    123739500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data    123692500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    495115997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     69344000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     69358000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     69325500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     69433000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        50000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    277510500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    193156997                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    193189000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data    193065000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data    193125500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        90000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    772626497                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.042105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.002833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.714286                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.810811                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.026667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.051020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.006289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.026667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.051020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.006289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       113375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       113375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54300                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54166.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54283.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       113250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       113250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       113500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       113300                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       113400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       113250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       113400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                        422                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples         4534                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.550066                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.248817                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      7.568324                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15           4530     99.91%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            4      0.09%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total          4534                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         1900                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      3.022632                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.499395                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    10.105448                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          1897     99.84%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271            3      0.16%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         1900                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples            76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     15205263.157895                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    8718285.683732                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06            1      1.32%      1.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07           58     76.32%     77.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07           15     19.74%     97.37% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            1      1.32%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            1      1.32%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total              76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        15125252.316471      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                     11562                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    7539473.684211                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   5898159.689200                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06            6      7.89%      7.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06           17     22.37%     30.26% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06           16     21.05%     51.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06           11     14.47%     65.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            7      9.21%     75.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07            8     10.53%     85.53% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            8     10.53%     96.05% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     96.05% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%     96.05% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     96.05% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            0      0.00%     96.05% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     96.05% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            1      1.32%     97.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            1      1.32%     98.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            1      1.32%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total             76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       7512915.071224      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                   5743                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples            4534                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       11658.425232                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      11602.987442                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev       2485.183678                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::8192-16383         4530     99.91%     99.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%     99.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     99.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%     99.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%     99.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%     99.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%     99.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%     99.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%     99.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%     99.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            4      0.09%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total              4534                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples           1896                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean      11613.871308                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11610.123190                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev       298.903170                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         1806     95.25%     95.25% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311           90      4.75%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total             1896                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples                4534                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           204217.909131                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          2536240.485413                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000              44      0.97%      0.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000             101      2.23%      3.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000             127      2.80%      6.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000            163      3.60%      9.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows              4099     90.41%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value             82000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value         170009000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                  4534                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              1900                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         485573.157895                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        3692536.879154                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             3      0.16%      0.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            24      1.26%      1.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            29      1.53%      2.95% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           280     14.74%     17.68% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           49      2.58%     20.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1515     79.74%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value           66000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value       158710000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                1900                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                  6434                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             143392.757227                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            1989624.708278                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 1      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 3      0.05%      0.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000               652     10.13%     10.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000               172      2.67%     12.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000               477      7.41%     20.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000              351      5.46%     25.74% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows                4778     74.26%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value               32000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value           158710000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                    6434                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.078947                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.271448                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0               70     92.11%     92.11% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1                6      7.89%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.039474                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.196013                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0              73     96.05%     96.05% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               3      3.95%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples                76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean            59.631579                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev           16.787171                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-7                     2      2.63%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-15                    0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-23                   0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-31                   0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-39                   7      9.21%     11.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::40-47                   8     10.53%     22.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-55                   9     11.84%     34.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::56-63                  11     14.47%     48.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-71                  20     26.32%     75.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::72-79                  15     19.74%     94.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::80-87                   4      5.26%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::88-95                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::96-103                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::104-111                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                  76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples               76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean           24.921053                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev          13.751861                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0-3                    3      3.95%      3.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4-7                    2      2.63%      6.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8-11                   6      7.89%     14.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12-15                 10     13.16%     27.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16-19                 11     14.47%     42.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::20-23                  8     10.53%     52.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::24-27                  7      9.21%     61.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::28-31                  6      7.89%     69.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::32-35                  5      6.58%     76.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::36-39                  4      5.26%     81.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::40-43                  2      2.63%     84.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::44-47                  6      7.89%     92.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::48-51                  5      6.58%     98.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::52-55                  1      1.32%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::56-59                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::60-63                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::64-67                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::68-71                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::72-75                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::76-79                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total                 76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples         4220                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.606635                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.326255                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      6.808786                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15           4217     99.93%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            3      0.07%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total          4220                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2212                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      2.871609                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.509336                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     7.673562                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          2210     99.91%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.91% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271            2      0.09%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2212                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples            76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     14468421.052632                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean    14052941.547090                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    3794389.209568                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            1      1.32%      1.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            6      7.89%      9.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07           16     21.05%     30.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07           21     27.63%     57.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07           19     25.00%     82.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07           10     13.16%     96.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     96.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            0      0.00%     96.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     96.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            2      2.63%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            1      1.32%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total              76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        14390051.503303      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                     11000                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    8352631.578947                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   4746352.246633                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06            4      5.26%      5.26% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            7      9.21%     14.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06           17     22.37%     36.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06           11     14.47%     51.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07           16     21.05%     72.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07           12     15.79%     88.16% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07            5      6.58%     94.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07            2      2.63%     97.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            1      1.32%     98.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            1      1.32%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total             76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       8309600.649907      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                   6352                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples            4220                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       11638.815166                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      11593.642856                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev       2233.827187                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::8192-16383         4217     99.93%     99.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%     99.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     99.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%     99.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%     99.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%     99.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%     99.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%     99.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%     99.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%     99.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            3      0.07%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total              4220                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples           2210                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean      11606.742081                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11603.130154                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev       293.192372                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         2106     95.29%     95.29% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          104      4.71%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total             2210                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples                4220                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           221103.791469                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          2723949.709528                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000              41      0.97%      0.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000              53      1.26%      2.23% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000              60      1.42%      3.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000             98      2.32%      5.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows              3968     94.03%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value             83000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value         176434000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                  4220                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              2212                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         411534.810127                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        3371347.445938                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            22      0.99%      0.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            28      1.27%      2.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           370     16.73%     18.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           94      4.25%     23.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1698     76.76%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value           83000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value       157454000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                2212                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                  6432                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             142136.194030                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            1966672.844801                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 1      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000               579      9.00%      9.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000               156      2.43%     11.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000               534      8.30%     19.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000              358      5.57%     25.31% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows                4804     74.69%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value               80000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value           157454000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                    6432                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.078947                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.271448                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0               70     92.11%     92.11% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1                6      7.89%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.026316                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.161136                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0              74     97.37%     97.37% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               2      2.63%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples                76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean            55.500000                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean           50.042008                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev           14.956381                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-7                     2      2.63%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-15                    0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-23                   0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-31                   2      2.63%      5.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-39                   4      5.26%     10.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::40-47                  12     15.79%     26.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-55                  18     23.68%     50.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::56-63                  13     17.11%     67.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-71                  17     22.37%     89.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::72-79                   6      7.89%     97.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::80-87                   2      2.63%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::88-95                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::96-103                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::104-111                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                  76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples               76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean           29.078947                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev          12.440539                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0-3                    2      2.63%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4-7                    2      2.63%      5.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8-11                   2      2.63%      7.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12-15                  2      2.63%     10.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16-19                  8     10.53%     21.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::20-23                 10     13.16%     34.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::24-27                 10     13.16%     47.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::28-31                  6      7.89%     55.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::32-35                 10     13.16%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::36-39                  7      9.21%     77.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::40-43                  8     10.53%     88.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::44-47                  4      5.26%     93.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::48-51                  3      3.95%     97.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::52-55                  1      1.32%     98.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::56-59                  1      1.32%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::60-63                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::64-67                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::68-71                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::72-75                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::76-79                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total                 76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples         3525                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.491915                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.316449                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      4.348047                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15           3524     99.97%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total          3525                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2910                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      3.072165                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.586738                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     9.434452                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          2906     99.86%     99.86% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271            4      0.14%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2910                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples            76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     11542105.263158                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    4642392.002920                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06            2      2.63%      2.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            1      1.32%      3.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            6      7.89%     11.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06           10     13.16%     25.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            6      7.89%     32.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07           16     21.05%     53.95% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07           20     26.32%     80.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07           13     17.11%     97.37% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            1      1.32%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            1      1.32%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total              76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        11491110.218637      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                      8784                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    11747368.421053                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   7324360.699005                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06            4      5.26%      5.26% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           27     35.53%     40.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           19     25.00%     65.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           13     17.11%     82.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07           10     13.16%     96.05% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     96.05% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%     96.05% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            2      2.63%     98.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            1      1.32%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total             76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       11695187.312684      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                   8940                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples            3525                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       11604.539007                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      11584.483561                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev       1428.395687                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::8192-16383         3524     99.97%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            1      0.03%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total              3525                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples           2906                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean      11615.657261                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11611.820179                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev       302.757036                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         2767     95.22%     95.22% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          133      4.58%     99.79% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            6      0.21%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total             2906                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples                3525                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           258326.524823                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          2868813.704229                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               1      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000              32      0.91%      0.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000              63      1.79%      2.72% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000              62      1.76%      4.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000             47      1.33%      5.82% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows              3320     94.18%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value             68000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value         170219000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                  3525                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              2910                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         314157.044674                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        2931307.501735                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             1      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            18      0.62%      0.65% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            28      0.96%      1.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           473     16.25%     17.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          114      3.92%     21.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2276     78.21%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value           80000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value       157227000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                2910                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                  6435                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             142066.355866                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            1966842.408952                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 1      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 2      0.03%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000               707     10.99%     11.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000               169      2.63%     13.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000               634      9.85%     23.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000              307      4.77%     28.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows                4615     71.72%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value               68000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value           157227000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                    6435                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.052632                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.224781                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0               72     94.74%     94.74% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1                4      5.26%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.013158                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.114708                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0              75     98.68%     98.68% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               1      1.32%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples                76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean            46.315789                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev           16.744520                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-3                     2      2.63%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-7                     0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-11                    0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-15                   0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-19                   4      5.26%      7.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-23                   2      2.63%     10.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-27                   2      2.63%     13.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-31                   6      7.89%     21.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-35                   5      6.58%     27.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-39                   3      3.95%     31.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::40-43                   6      7.89%     39.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::44-47                   3      3.95%     43.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-51                  10     13.16%     56.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::52-55                   3      3.95%     60.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::56-59                  13     17.11%     77.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::60-63                   8     10.53%     88.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-67                   5      6.58%     94.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::68-71                   2      2.63%     97.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::72-75                   2      2.63%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                  76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples               76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean           38.250000                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev          16.281789                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0-3                    2      2.63%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4-7                    0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8-11                   0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12-15                  2      2.63%      5.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16-19                  3      3.95%      9.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::20-23                  5      6.58%     15.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::24-27                  7      9.21%     25.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::28-31                 14     18.42%     43.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::32-35                  3      3.95%     47.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::36-39                  9     11.84%     59.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::40-43                  4      5.26%     64.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::44-47                  6      7.89%     72.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::48-51                  2      2.63%     75.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::52-55                  2      2.63%     77.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::56-59                  9     11.84%     89.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::60-63                  2      2.63%     92.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::64-67                  2      2.63%     94.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::68-71                  3      3.95%     98.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::72-75                  1      1.32%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::76-79                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total                 76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples         4206                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.390395                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.244924                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      3.981257                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15           4205     99.98%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            1      0.02%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total          4206                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2226                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      3.337826                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.541117                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    13.171641                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          2220     99.73%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.73% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271            6      0.27%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2226                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples            76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     13221052.631579                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    3669634.524562                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-2.09715e+06            1      1.32%      1.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+06-4.1943e+06            0      0.00%      1.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-6.29146e+06            3      3.95%      5.26% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+06-8.38861e+06            3      3.95%      9.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.04858e+07            8     10.53%     19.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.04858e+07-1.25829e+07           13     17.11%     36.84% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.46801e+07           18     23.68%     60.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.46801e+07-1.67772e+07           22     28.95%     89.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-1.88744e+07            7      9.21%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.88744e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.30687e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.30687e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.7263e+07            1      1.32%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.7263e+07-2.93601e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.14573e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.14573e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.56516e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.56516e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-3.98459e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.98459e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total              76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        13152507.074019      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                     10054                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples           76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    9434210.526316                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   8635640.144295                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06           15     19.74%     19.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           28     36.84%     56.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           16     21.05%     77.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           10     13.16%     90.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            3      3.95%     94.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     94.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            1      1.32%     96.05% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            1      1.32%     97.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            1      1.32%     98.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            1      1.32%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total             76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       9719825.697231      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                   7430                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples            4206                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       11595.126010                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      11577.658097                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev       1313.775010                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::8192-16383         4205     99.98%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            1      0.02%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total              4206                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples           2221                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean      11617.874831                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11614.126499                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev       298.555357                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         2113     95.14%     95.14% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          108      4.86%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total             2221                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples                4206                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           218305.515930                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          2730231.037965                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000              60      1.43%      1.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000              95      2.26%      3.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000              73      1.74%      5.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000             89      2.12%      7.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows              3889     92.46%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value             83000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value         177014000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                  4206                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              2226                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         343212.488769                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        588200.872397                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             1      0.04%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            18      0.81%      0.85% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            52      2.34%      3.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           380     17.07%     20.26% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           65      2.92%     23.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1710     76.82%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value           66000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value        20317000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                2226                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                  6432                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             118779.695274                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            234826.392110                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 1      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000               793     12.33%     12.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000               181      2.81%     15.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000               492      7.65%     22.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000              254      3.95%     26.76% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows                4711     73.24%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value               66000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            18383000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                    6432                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.013158                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.114708                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0               75     98.68%     98.68% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1                1      1.32%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.039474                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.196013                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0              73     96.05%     96.05% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               3      3.95%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples                76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean            55.302632                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev           17.942144                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-7                     2      2.63%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-15                    0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-23                   3      3.95%      6.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-31                   2      2.63%      9.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-39                   6      7.89%     17.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::40-47                   9     11.84%     28.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-55                  13     17.11%     46.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::56-63                  13     17.11%     63.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-71                  16     21.05%     84.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::72-79                   6      7.89%     92.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::80-87                   6      7.89%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::88-95                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::96-103                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::104-111                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::120-127                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::128-135                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                  76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples               76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean           29.250000                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev          16.277694                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0-3                    3      3.95%      3.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4-7                    5      6.58%     10.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8-11                   2      2.63%     13.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12-15                  5      6.58%     19.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16-19                 11     14.47%     34.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::20-23                  5      6.58%     40.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::24-27                  2      2.63%     43.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::28-31                 10     13.16%     56.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::32-35                  9     11.84%     68.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::36-39                  4      5.26%     73.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::40-43                  7      9.21%     82.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::44-47                  2      2.63%     85.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::48-51                  4      5.26%     90.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::52-55                  2      2.63%     93.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::56-59                  1      1.32%     94.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::60-63                  1      1.32%     96.05% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::64-67                  1      1.32%     97.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::68-71                  2      2.63%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::72-75                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::76-79                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total                 76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples        16485                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean        2.511374                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean       2.281801                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev       5.975670                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15           16476     99.95%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            9      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total          16485                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         9248                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean       3.077963                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.539053                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     10.238398                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15           9233     99.84%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.84% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           15      0.16%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          9248                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples             76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      54436842.105263                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean     53784543.356053                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     12515663.169062                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07           75     98.68%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            1      1.32%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total               76                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         54158921.112429      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                      41400                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples            76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     37073684.210526                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    15141636.797661                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06            1      1.32%      1.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%      1.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%      1.32% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           41     53.95%     55.26% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07           26     34.21%     89.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     89.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            4      5.26%     94.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            2      2.63%     97.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%     97.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            1      1.32%     98.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%     98.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            1      1.32%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total              76                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        37237528.731046      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                   28465                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples            16485                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        20093.691234                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       20065.053789                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev        1957.454283                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-8191                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::8192-16383             0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-24575        16476     99.95%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            0      0.00%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            0      0.00%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            9      0.05%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total              16485                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples            9233                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean       20052.041590                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20050.805928                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev        226.289875                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479         8743     94.69%     94.69% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527          490      5.31%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total              9233                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples                16485                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            56193.296937                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           1326022.868311                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                  1623      9.85%      9.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000              1116      6.77%     16.62% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000             1157      7.02%     23.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000             1195      7.25%     30.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000              961      5.83%     36.71% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000              919      5.57%     42.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000              840      5.10%     47.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000              824      5.00%     52.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000              844      5.12%     57.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000              723      4.39%     61.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000              760      4.61%     66.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000              723      4.39%     70.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000              550      3.34%     74.22% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000              468      2.84%     77.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000              506      3.07%     80.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000              454      2.75%     82.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000              349      2.12%     85.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000              360      2.18%     87.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000              316      1.92%     89.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000             378      2.29%     91.39% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows               1419      8.61%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value          169722500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                  16485                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples               9248                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          82657.547578                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         159885.982529                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                 432      4.67%      4.67% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000             275      2.97%      7.64% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            314      3.40%     11.04% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            430      4.65%     15.69% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            342      3.70%     19.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            290      3.14%     22.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            339      3.67%     26.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            295      3.19%     29.38% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            308      3.33%     32.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            309      3.34%     36.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            298      3.22%     39.27% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            308      3.33%     42.60% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            296      3.20%     45.80% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            248      2.68%     48.49% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            278      3.01%     51.49% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            330      3.57%     55.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            167      1.81%     56.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            196      2.12%     58.99% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000           1604     17.34%     76.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           195      2.11%     78.44% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows             1994     21.56%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value             1000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value         13285500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                 9248                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                  25733                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              29705.708623                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             72647.273412                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                    3632     14.11%     14.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                2722     10.58%     24.69% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000               2586     10.05%     34.74% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000               2569      9.98%     44.72% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000               2086      8.11%     52.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000               1905      7.40%     60.23% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000               1724      6.70%     66.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000               1451      5.64%     72.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000               1331      5.17%     77.74% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000               1168      4.54%     82.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000                989      3.84%     86.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000                890      3.46%     89.59% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000                709      2.76%     92.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000                534      2.08%     94.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000                448      1.74%     96.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000                321      1.25%     97.40% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                296      1.15%     98.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                104      0.40%     98.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                139      0.54%     99.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                52      0.20%     99.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                   77      0.30%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value              9647500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                    25733                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.500000                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.739369                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0                49     64.47%     64.47% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1                16     21.05%     85.53% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2                11     14.47%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total            76                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean      0.236842                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.458066                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0               59     77.63%     77.63% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1               16     21.05%     98.68% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                1      1.32%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total           76                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples                 76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            216.750000                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean           196.379786                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            36.742029                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-15                     2      2.63%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-31                    0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-47                    0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-63                    0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-79                    0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::80-95                    0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-111                   0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::112-127                  0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-143                  0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::144-159                  1      1.32%      3.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::160-175                  0      0.00%      3.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::176-191                  0      0.00%      3.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-207                  0      0.00%      3.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::208-223                 31     40.79%     44.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::224-239                 42     55.26%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::240-255                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-271                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::272-287                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::288-303                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::304-319                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                   76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples                76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean           121.500000                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev           20.355180                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-7                     2      2.63%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-15                    0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-23                   0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-31                   0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-39                   0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::40-47                   0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::48-55                   0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::56-63                   0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::64-71                   0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::72-79                   0      0.00%      2.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::80-87                   1      1.32%      3.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::88-95                   0      0.00%      3.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::96-103                  0      0.00%      3.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::104-111                 0      0.00%      3.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::112-119                 0      0.00%      3.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::120-127                63     82.89%     86.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::128-135                10     13.16%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::136-143                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::144-151                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::152-159                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                  76                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                       97448                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                      38768                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        2                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   97450                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  38770                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                           136216                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                       136220                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                      339327                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                  339327                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                           339327                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                       339327                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                         1528823                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     306783                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       321425                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               305146                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      13283                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        14684                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      305146                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             494801                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            245152                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1257181                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             116469                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       136321                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                      97500                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     38821                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                862.001797                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              1527960.998203                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.999436                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000564                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            29552                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   181875     56.56%     56.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    3365      1.05%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                   97500     30.32%     87.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  38821     12.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    321561                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              238                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             592705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              238                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          2490.357143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           678892                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          678892                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst       339089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         339089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst       339089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          339089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst       339089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         339089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst          238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst          238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst          238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      4030989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4030989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      4030989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4030989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      4030989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4030989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst       339327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       339327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst       339327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       339327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst       339327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       339327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16936.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16936.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16936.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16936.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 16936.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16936.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      3545011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3545011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      3545011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3545011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst      3545011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3545011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14895.004202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14895.004202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14895.004202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14895.004202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14895.004202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14895.004202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry                37                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements               93                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          219.404278                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs               7828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               93                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            84.172043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   219.404278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.857048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.857048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.839844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           259729                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          259729                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        93116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          93116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data        36393                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         36393                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data       129509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          129509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data       129525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         129525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data          144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data          160                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          160                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1711493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1711493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       324500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       324500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       150000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       150000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       606500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       606500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2035993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      2035993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2035993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      2035993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        93242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        36411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        36411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           32                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           54                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           49                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           49                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data       129653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       129653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data       129685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       129685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.001351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000494                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000494                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.314815                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.314815                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.551020                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.551020                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.001111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.001234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 13583.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13583.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 18027.777778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18027.777778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8823.529412                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8823.529412                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 22462.962963                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22462.962963                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 14138.840278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14138.840278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 12724.956250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12724.956250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           48                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total               48                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1453507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1453507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       288500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       288500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        80500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        80500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        67500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        67500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       552500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       552500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1742007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1742007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      1822507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1822507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    173683505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    173683505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     95987000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     95987000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data    269670505                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    269670505                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.001351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000494                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000494                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.074074                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074074                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.551020                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.551020                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.001111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.001234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11535.769841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11535.769841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 16027.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16027.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  5031.250000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5031.250000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        16875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        16875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 20462.962963                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20462.962963                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 12097.270833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12097.270833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11390.668750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11390.668750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry               125                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                       97152                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                      38568                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        3                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                   97154                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  38571                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                           135720                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                       135725                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                      338033                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                  338033                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                           338033                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                       338033                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                         1528825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     305509                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       319966                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               303813                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      13222                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        14547                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      303813                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             492504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            244189                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             1251789                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes             115900                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                       135795                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      97187                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     38608                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles               8229.965540                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1520595.034460                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.994617                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.005383                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            29345                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                   180919     56.53%     56.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    3353      1.05%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                   97187     30.36%     87.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  38608     12.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                    320067                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      11                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              177                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             499678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              177                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          2823.039548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           676243                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          676243                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst       337856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         337856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst       337856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          337856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst       337856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         337856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      3079994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3079994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      3079994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3079994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      3079994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3079994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       338033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       338033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       338033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       338033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst       338033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       338033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17401.096045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17401.096045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17401.096045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17401.096045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 17401.096045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17401.096045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      2723006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2723006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      2723006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2723006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst      2723006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2723006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15384.214689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15384.214689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15384.214689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15384.214689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15384.214689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15384.214689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry                32                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements               62                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          198.962800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              14776                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               62                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           238.322581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   198.962800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.777198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.777198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.855469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           258722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          258722                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        92848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          92848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        36198                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         36198                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           12                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           12                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data       129046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          129046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data       129058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         129058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           15                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           15                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           24                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           24                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data          143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1735493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1735493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       743998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       743998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       294000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       294000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       638999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       638999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2479491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      2479491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2479491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      2479491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        92957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        92957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        36217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        36217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           43                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           43                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data       129174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       129174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data       129201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       129201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.001173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000525                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000525                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.555556                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.555556                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.446809                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.446809                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.558140                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.558140                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.001107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 15921.954128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15921.954128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 39157.789474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39157.789474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        14000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        14000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 26624.958333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26624.958333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 19371.023438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19371.023438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 17339.097902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17339.097902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           29                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               29                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           15                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           24                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1512507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1512507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       704002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       704002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       113000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       113000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       169000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       169000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       590001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       590001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2216509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2216509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2329509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2329509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    173449001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    173449001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     96128003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     96128003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data    269577004                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    269577004                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.001173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000525                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000525                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.555556                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555556                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.170213                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170213                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.558140                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.558140                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.001107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 13876.211009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13876.211009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 37052.736842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37052.736842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  7533.333333                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7533.333333                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        21125                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        21125                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 24583.375000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24583.375000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 17316.476562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17316.476562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 16290.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16290.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry               129                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                       97368                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                        11                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                      38769                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        5                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                   97379                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  38774                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                           136137                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                             16                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                       136153                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                      339118                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         4                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                  339122                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                           339118                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                       339122                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                         1528825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     306587                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       321258                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               304970                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      13292                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        14695                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      304970                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             494393                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            244936                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1256455                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             116363                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       136248                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                      97418                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     38830                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles               1240.012699                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1527584.987301                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.999189                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000811                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            29578                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   181794     56.56%     56.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    3356      1.04%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                   97418     30.31%     87.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  38830     12.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    321398                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      14                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              198                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             461198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          2329.282828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           678434                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          678434                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst       338919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         338919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst       338919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          338919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst       338919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         338919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst          199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst          199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst          199                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          199                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      3412994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3412994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      3412994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3412994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      3412994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3412994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst       339118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       339118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst       339118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       339118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst       339118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       339118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 17150.723618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17150.723618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 17150.723618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17150.723618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 17150.723618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17150.723618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      3012006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3012006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      3012006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3012006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst      3012006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3012006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15135.708543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15135.708543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15135.708543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15135.708543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15135.708543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15135.708543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                36                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements               85                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          226.089778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs               2866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               85                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            33.717647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   226.089778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.883163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.883163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.894531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           259579                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          259579                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        93033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          93033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data        36382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         36382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           26                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           26                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data       129415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          129415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data       129431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         129431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           15                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           15                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data          169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1859493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1859493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       946499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       946499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       487497                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       487497                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       541500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       541500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2805992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      2805992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2805992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      2805992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        93159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data        36410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        36410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           31                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           31                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           60                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           60                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           49                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           49                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data       129569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       129569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data       129600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       129600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.001353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000769                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000769                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.483871                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.483871                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.416667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.416667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.469388                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.469388                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.001189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.001304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 14757.880952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14757.880952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 33803.535714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33803.535714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 19499.880000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19499.880000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 23543.478261                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23543.478261                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 18220.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18220.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 16603.502959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16603.502959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total               47                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           15                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           23                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1602505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1602505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       889501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       889501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       104000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       104000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       360503                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       360503                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       495500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       495500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2492006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2492006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2596006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2596006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data    173562001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    173562001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     96127999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     96127999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data    269690000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    269690000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.001353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000769                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000769                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.469388                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469388                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.001189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.001304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 12718.293651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12718.293651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 31767.892857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31767.892857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  6933.333333                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6933.333333                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 30041.916667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30041.916667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 21543.478261                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21543.478261                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 16181.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16181.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 15360.982249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15360.982249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry               131                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                       97396                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                        12                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      38837                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        5                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     2                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                   97408                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                  38842                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                           136233                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                             17                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                       136250                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                      339249                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         4                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                  339253                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                           339249                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                       339253                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                         1528834                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     306723                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       321461                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               305217                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      13298                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        14668                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      305217                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             494772                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            245134                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             1257132                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes             116366                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       136342                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      97455                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     38887                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                  0.004000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              1528833.996000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            29550                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                   181901     56.56%     56.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    3354      1.04%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     57.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   97455     30.30%     87.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  38887     12.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    321597                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              206                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             404607                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              206                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          1964.111650                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           678704                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          678704                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst       339043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         339043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst       339043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          339043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst       339043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         339043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst          206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst          206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst          206                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          206                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      3350494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3350494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      3350494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3350494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      3350494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3350494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst       339249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       339249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst       339249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       339249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst       339249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       339249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16264.533981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16264.533981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16264.533981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16264.533981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 16264.533981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16264.533981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      2933506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2933506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      2933506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2933506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst      2933506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2933506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14240.320388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14240.320388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14240.320388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14240.320388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14240.320388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14240.320388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                26                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              175                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          193.574568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              37488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           214.217143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   193.574568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.756151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.756151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           259835                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          259835                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        92998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          92998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data        36464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         36464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           18                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           18                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data       129462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          129462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data       129480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         129480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           11                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           11                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data          219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data          230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2877495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2877495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       496500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       496500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       209000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       209000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       520000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       520000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3373995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      3373995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3373995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      3373995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        93202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data        36479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        36479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           29                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           29                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           48                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data       129681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       129681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data       129710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       129710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.002189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000411                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000411                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.379310                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.379310                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.437500                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.437500                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.001689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.001773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 14105.367647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14105.367647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        33100                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        33100                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 13062.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13062.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 24761.904762                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24761.904762                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 15406.369863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15406.369863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 14669.543478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14669.543478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           63                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total               63                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           11                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2464505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2464505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       466500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       466500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       190000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       190000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        10000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       478000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       478000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2931005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2931005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3121005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3121005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data    173311001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    173311001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     96891502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     96891502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data    270202503                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    270202503                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.002189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000411                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000411                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.379310                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379310                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.104167                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104167                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437500                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.001773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12080.906863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12080.906863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        31100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        31100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 17272.727273                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17272.727273                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 22761.904762                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22761.904762                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 13383.584475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13383.584475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 13569.586957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13569.586957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry               156                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 184                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data          184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.718750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.718750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.718750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          193.011127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   193.011127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.753950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.753950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.753906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 181                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data          181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.707031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.707031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.707031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        1724                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       1575                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    1725                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   1575                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             3299                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         3300                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                        8017                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                    8017                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                             8017                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                         8017                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                         1528834                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                       7761                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                         9295                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                 8604                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                        555                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts          913                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                        8604                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              15661                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes              5733                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               34215                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               3236                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         3636                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       1783                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      1853                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              1483607.998059                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              45226.001941                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.029582                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.970418                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             1499                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                     5991     62.06%     62.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      21      0.22%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.06%     62.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    1783     18.47%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   1853     19.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                      9654                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              180                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs             141406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              180                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs           785.588889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            16214                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           16214                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst         7837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           7837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst         7837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total            7837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst         7837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total           7837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      2949492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2949492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      2949492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2949492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      2949492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2949492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         8017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         8017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total         8017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         8017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total         8017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 16386.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16386.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 16386.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16386.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 16386.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16386.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      2582508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2582508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      2582508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2582508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      2582508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2582508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 14347.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14347.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 14347.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14347.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 14347.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14347.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                24                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements               79                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          237.817308                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               6057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               79                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            76.670886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   237.817308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.928974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.928974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.878906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             6696                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses            6696                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           1568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1487                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          1487                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           15                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           43                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           43                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           40                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           40                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         3055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            3055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         3070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           3070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            4                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          128                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          128                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1264500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1264500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1573000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1573000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        43000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        43000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       122500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       122500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2837500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      2837500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2837500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      2837500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         1654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         1525                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1525                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           19                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           48                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.051995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.024918                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024918                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.210526                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.210526                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.122449                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.122449                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.039006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.040025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 14703.488372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14703.488372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 41394.736842                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41394.736842                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  7166.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7166.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 15312.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15312.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 22883.064516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22883.064516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 22167.968750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22167.968750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           44                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               44                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1092500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1092500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1497000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1497000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        35000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        35000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         4000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       106500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       106500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2589500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2589500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2624500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2624500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        95500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        95500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        97500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        97500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       193000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       193000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.051995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.024918                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024918                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.040816                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040816                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.039006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.040025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 12703.488372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12703.488372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 39394.736842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39394.736842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         8750                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8750                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 13312.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13312.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 20883.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20883.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 20503.906250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20503.906250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                28                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_task 764417000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -44248982.400000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       44261683.200000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -856396.800000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       1302134.400000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -29850504.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       29859072.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -577728.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       878424.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -168193459.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       168229401.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -1283443.200000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       2567385.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -75698012.160000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       75727872.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -223948.800000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       358732.800000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -78633488363.520004
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       79054927810.560043
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -78633488363.520004
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       79054927810.560043
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -23321817161.279999
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       23444326157.760006
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -22887868518.719990
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       23045559629.760002
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -253407087408.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       254767411152.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -253787744112.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       255117206352.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.000764
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       7644141.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       12230671.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       1493939.982095
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       1227750.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       4590672.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       64.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       119524.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       1211810.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       391343.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       3145186.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       156999.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       136899.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       1233363.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       5945840.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       1992131.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       8092210.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       985144.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       3448866.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       64.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       53650.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       1227750.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       4590672.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       64.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       1363752.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       8.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       1363744.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       1000.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       374214.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       147042.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       547648.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       43.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       651.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       118.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       105296
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       9.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       3072.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       15.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       3072.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       21.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       737.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       63.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       1897.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       60.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       263.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       16480.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       9233.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       2.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       9108.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       9176.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       17180.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       7974.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       7978.000000
